 dont act blur ,  i know chiu took my stuff .
 how much salt to use for this dish ? just agar-agar !
 aiyoh ,  why is this bus taking so long to arrive ?
 alamak ! tickets for the concert are all sold out !
 i just got arrowed to do this task again .
 she &apos;s so bo chap at work - oni does the bare minimum .
 how could chiu go clubbing and bojio me ?
 you &apos;re so boliao ,  wasting your time doing things your boss didnt even ask for !
 dinner at 7pm ? can or not ?
 can chiu explain the concept again ,  just now i catch no ball .
 this exam question is so chim .
 chiu better chiong finish this project before the deadline tomorrow .
 can chiu chope a seat for me ?
 this design really cmi ,  even my toddler can draw it .
 im not kidding ,  this place has the best laksa . die die must try .
 dont eye power leh ,  come help us move the furniture .
 oh ,  it &apos;s raining again today ? the weather &apos;s been so jialat recently .
 it &apos;s my problem ,  no need for chiu to be kaypoh .
 i have no plans this weekend ,  just gonna lepak at home .
 im looking for new kitchen appliances . chiu got lobang ?
 for this project ,  do it own time own target .
 paiseh ,  can chiu lend me some cash ?
 he pang seh us to go on a date with his girlfriend again .
 do chiu want to ponteng work tomorrow ?
 chiu sabo your friend just to win the competition . 
 im feeling so shag after that 10km run .
 this plate of chicken rice damn shiok .
 siao ,  how did chiu manage to eat five burgers in one go ?
 he &apos;s so annoying ,  i buay tahan his attitude .
 im going to dabao lunch from the hawker centre .
 the meal we had at that fine dining restaurant was so atas .
 this country weather very hot one .
 that joker there cannot trust .
 tomorrow dunnid bring camera .
 he play football oso very good one leh .
 walan ,  i want to eat chicken rice .
 i go bus-stop wait for chiu .
 no good la .
 cannot anyhow go liddat one leh .
 how come never show up ?
 i like badminton ,  thats why i every weekend go play .
 he sick ,  so he stay home sleep lor .
 he can play piano .
 i like to read storybook .
 your computer got virus or not ?
 this one ten cent oni .
 i damn naughty .
 this house very nice .
 i still finding .
 how come chiu so late still playing music ,  ah ?
 chiu looking for trouble ,  is it ?
 that one his wife la .
 this boy the class monitor .
 his house in toa payoh .
 he talk so long ,  never stop ,  i ask him oso never .
 when i young ah ,  i go school every day .
 when he was in school ,  he always get good good marks one .
 last time i mug so much ,  so sian oredi .
 aiyah ,  cannot wait any more ,  must go oredi . 
 yesterday ,  they go there oredi .
 ah song kenasai oredi ,  then how ?
 he throw liao .
 i eat liao .
 this new game ,  chiu play liao or not ?
 i do want .
 this one can do la .
 how come today chiu never hand in homework ?
 how come he never pay just now ?
 chiu want this book or not ?
 can or not ?
 they never study ,  is it ?
 chiu dont liddat ,  is it ?
 alamak ,  chiu guys never read newspaper is it ?
 chiu go think think a little bit ,  maybe then chiu get answer .
 so what i do was ,  i sit down and i think think ,  until i get answer lor .
 want to go orchard walk walk see see or not ?
 dont anyhow touch here touch there leh .
 my boy-boy is going to primary one oredi .
 we two friend-friend one .
 chiu go take the big-big one .
 he kena scold .
 he kena scolded .
 dont listen ,  later chiu kena punish then chiu know .
 better do your homework ,  otherwise chiu kena .
 dont listen to me ,  later chiu kena .
 dont listen to me ,  later chiu will kena .
 he tio cancer .
 he tio jackpot .
 tio fined lor ,  what to do ?
 kena fined lor ,  what to do ?
 sad sia ,  so young tio cancer .
 walan ! so stupid one !
 i do everything by habit one .
 he never go school one .
 is liddat one .
 never do homework then kena scold lor .
 i damn tired then langgar the car lor .
 i late then take taxi ,  otherwise dont take .
 i go home liao then call chiu .
 later then say .
 chiu then stupid la .
 chiu then late lor .
 chiu want to see justin bieber then go la !
 drink la !
 i dont have la !
 dunno oredi la !
 dont worry ,  he can one la .
 dont tell me he punch her ah ?
 but he very good at mathematics what .
 chiu never give me what !
 i never punch him what !
 the good there not bad what ,  can try la .
 this one oso can work one mah !
 he oso know about it mah !
 if chiu dont do the work ,  then chiu die liao lor !
 kay lor ,  chiu go and do what chiu want .
 dont have work to do ,  then go home lor .
 give me leh .
 how come chiu dont give me leh ?
 the ticket seriously ex leh .
 but i believe safe better than sorry leh .
 why chiu never give up your seat leh ?
 chiu call her walk there ,  very far leh .
 then hor ,  another person came out of the house .
 this shopping center very nice hor ?
 oh yah hor !
 liddat can hor ?
 this boy ah ,  always so rude one ! 
 how come like dat one ah ?
 chiu going again ar ?
 har ? he really ponned class yesterday ar !
 har ? how come he tio caning ?
 they never study meh ?
 chiu dont liddat one meh ?
 really meh ?
 he damn zai sia .
 wa ,  heng sia .
 chiu siao ah ?
 i not so old la ,  i 18 nia .
 ah boy ,  dont run here run there ,  wait chiu fall down then chiu know ah .
 got question ?
 yesterday ,  marina bay sands got so many people one !
 this bus got air-con or not ?
 where got ?
 give me can ?
 can !
 cannot .
 he so stupid liddat .
 he acting like a one-year-old baby liddat .
 why he acting liddat ? 
 i like this one oso .
 i try so hard oso cannot do .
 chiu know where is he or not ?
 he ownself go party yesterday for what ?
 chiu eat yourself ,  we eat ourself ,  can ?
 just now go and play game ,  character dieded siah !
 abuden ,  if not at woodlands ar ?
 dont act blur ,  where did chiu hide my phone ?
 aiya ,  computer kena virus again .
 my dream is to eat an a5 wagyu steak at an atas restaurant with joseph .
 this guy is a blur sotong .
 he bo chup one .
 wow ,  chiu guys bojio .
 that girl at 9 o &apos;clock buay pai sia !
 this friday i buay sai ,  need to study for finals .
 wa the weather so hot really buay tahan !
 that cb kia come and annoy me again .
 this kelly is a chao mugger .
 dont talk until so chim leh .
 i wish that chio bu is my girlfriend sia .
 faster chiong to the canteen ,  if not later long queue .
 eh chop chop finish your work so we can go home early .
 this friday i cmi ,  got a wedding to attend .
 help me dabao ,  i am very lazy today .
 diam la !
 this time he confirm die oredi .
 dont play play hor !
 stop stealing my food ,  later i dulan ah !
 he geh geh one la . one look chiu know he is lying oredi .
 remember to check safety when chiu gostan !
 wa this henry damn guailan ,  everything oso tell me cannot .
 got full marks for math now come haolian la !
 heck it la ! im just going to confess to sarah after our date tonight .
 dont humji la ! want to fight then come la !
 this henry damn kaypoh ,  keep asking what i do with my girlfriend .
 jerry kena scolded by teacher for failing his test .
 wa parents nowadays so kiasu . their children five years old start going for tuition oredi .
 ah boy ,  want go lim kopi with ah gong tomorrow morning ?
 lan lan suck thumb lor .
 dunno anything ask timothy ,  he is a lao jiao .
 i lost an arm-wrestling challenge to a girl ,  damn lao kui .
 eh last warning hor ! dont disturb me . i want to study .
 my friends and i like to lepak at jem after school .
 dont liddat la . we go drink beer cheer up ok ?
 got any lobang to earn money ?
 her eye bag so big macam some panda .
 what chiu want to makan for dinner ?
 wa just now our performance damn malu sia !
 chiu dont want to help me nehmind ,  i can just ask someone else .
 he every month earn $3000 nia . how to buy a car ?
 huh ? no link leh .
 this saturday we go to the beach ,  on ?
 orbigood la ! tell chiu so many times oredi dont want to listen .
 this ms lim damn guailan sia . no wonder so old oredi not married .
 just now i fall down walking on flat ground ,  damn paiseh sia .
 paiseh ,  just now bathing cant reply your message .
 this alex pang seh us again . go out with his girlfriend then dont want go out with us .
 this month keep eating good food ,  pokkai liao .
 i going to pon school today .
 my workplace really like rojak . got people from alot of countries .
 eh later dont sabo ah . we just keep quiet can oredi .
 eh later we take cab can ? sekali that mrt breakdown again how ?
 sia la ! his father just bought him a lamborghini for his 21st birthday !
 siam la ,  stop blocking the way .
 sian ,  tomorrow need to work again .
 today got barcelona vs real madrid match ! sibei excited .
 simi sai ,  he passed his driving in less than two months .
 simi lanjiao ! the clothes i bought 2 days ago now got discount !
 dont suan me la . i know chiu confirm score higher than me one .
 wa damn suay . kena bird shit on my head .
 i prepare everything swee swee for chiu oredi . dont screw it up hor !
 me and xaver like to talk cock .
 tolong la . i will pay chiu back the money in 3 days .
 wa tyco sia ! posted as a clerk at hq .
 this restaurant damn ulu but the food is good !
 this guy damn yaya papaya . everyday drive different car come to work .
 wa he damn zai ,  read one time can memorise everything oredi .
 they say gahment is giving money again ,  zhun bo ?
 got drinks ,  got fries ,  got meat got vegetables got carbohydrates .
 if order large quantity maybe can get cheaper too .
 why they want to eat dog meat ?
 chiu are the reason why singapore no creativity .
 thats not a creative script lor .
 still got siaolang watch mediacorp ?
 sinkies really kiasu ah .
 who more powerful ?
 no need fight oso .
 confirm godzilla run faster than ippt gold runner .
 if throw merlion in water ,  will drown anot ?
 why is our national icon a fictitious creature ah ?
 any girl wanna date moi ?
 see this guy complain his local hospital coverup his son death .
 i thought they reduce the protein standard ,  hence melamine dunnid to be added liao ?
 but without enough protein ,  still can consider milk or not ?
 thread starter siao oredi ah ?
 test is oni way to know chiu are free from covid mah .
 now can go and buy the test kit and chiu can test yourself everyday if chiu want .
 cheena got do anal swab .
 your nose tio poke till song ?
 thread starter must be everyday poke until song song gao jurong .
 didnt know got people who enjoy swab test one .
 swab oredi wait for results is at least half an hour ?
 just now go guardian buy my nicotine gums then saw testing kit 15 dollar oni siol .
 they can hug hug hand hands with girls oso dont mind .
 chiu male or female ?
 at least korean gahment got balls to admit .
 vaccinated oso can kena covid and spread the virus .
 got full service ?
 korean gahment got invest in pfizer boh ?
 heng i use brave browser .
 heng moi use microsoft edge  .
 dirty sites means what .
 since chiu paisay say chiu .
 now can use to read the online citizen oso .
 maybe is recently break up ,  male colleagues all marry oredi so she cannot date them etc mah .
 1st date chit chat la .
 then try to find activities fill the time loh .
 dont listen to your kukujiao .
 sure got guys chasing leh .
 mai umbrage liao ,  jitao cheong .
 anyway no pic no talk .
 means her ex-husband(s) chose to divorce her lor .
 dunno what they put inside the dough it is very fragrant sia !
 then chiu bite into it ,  wa ,  the fragrance is power !
 macam like got some spice or something .
 thread starter chiu very rich .
 chiu got wife or not ?
 looks nice to jiak .
 ya ,  correct mah .
 can use coins mah .
 egg one pay a bit more .
 chiu all never see meh ,  it was on shopee .
 looks good to moi .
 is buay pai .
 my first time eating springleaf ,  didnt know so good sia . 
 cannot everyday eat this tolong .
 no problem ,  got money can do wonders here .
 keep on appeal appeal and appeal ,  sure can push all the blame to taxi driver and deceased ,  and then walk free and clean one .
 dont appeal then is stupid .
 hang the killer la .
 chiu approach area with many old people auto will slow down ,  when chiu approach big junction should oso slow down .
 is it the chio xmm ?
 the killer is the taxi driver leh .
 just suck thumb la .
 no need to read nonsensical thread from some kumgong .
 cos alot of tracetogether token now out of battery .
 safe entry havent phase out ?
 what more chiu want ?
 or kowtow huh ?
 can ditch old distractions liao .
 the battery can oni tahan 3 to 6 months .
 if push too much later will have backlash and headache again .
 anytime oso ky .
 oni if it &apos;s girl i no mind .
 if guy i &apos;ll cut his kukubird .
 lao jiao spotted .
 never touched till him ,  liddat oso want kpkb ?
 stand too near his table got crime ah ?
 not like i knock tio him or was in any way affecting him .
 saying that im a humji kia and have a small dick .
 got any problem not ?
 the prata ok but the curry the colour and taste buay gum .
 no wor ,  everything tasted very good sia .
 how come so cheap ?
 piak first talk later .
 i dunno if i can tahan the 2nd shot or not .
 skinny really cannot .
 the condominium quite cozy .
 isn’t it clear to sinkies oredi .
 tiagong ok .
 good question ,  it &apos;s sinkies graveyard .
 wa sei ,  so accurate .
 macam those buildings being demolished using dynamites .
 battery dead ,  go and change la .
 they will give chiu the advanced version blah .
 now more important to brainwash vaccines else they expire ,  more lugi .
 jialat every 4 to 6 months need to change battery .
 many took oredi never bring out keep at home .
 oredi cannot make it .
 kena embarrassed big big liao still keep on talk about it meh .
 wa sibei bloody violent wor .
 by the way got sinkie acting in the show !
 major character somemore !
 sinkie act as shang tsung sia .
 aiyah the bluebird jokes oredi started .
 no appetite liao .
 come in this type of box confirm expensive . 
 i thought more like bmt time ?
 prison food got such variety meh .
 moi time during national service ,  we use stainless tray to eat .
 just felt weird with 2 kukujiao around .
 go where to find ?
 let me piak your wife/gf first .
 kill people no jail term ?
 so this driver appeal is really kumgong .
 there is a child in everyone la .
 gone liao la gone .
 some of my actions still childish leh .
 wa piang ,  chiu think too far liao la .  
 ask her ai sio gan mai .
 remember to gpgt wor .
 her husband billionaire can le .
 she looks ok for a 46 year old ah .
 macam chiu guys are vampires wont grow old .
 now oredi move onto covid passport liao .
 no use tracetogether not happy .
 use tracetogether oso not happy
 im asking oni .
 do for sake of doing .
 waste time oni .
 freaking accurate sia .
 to make israel look bad lor .
 this cb kia deserves more punishment .
 different people leh .
 why chiu liddat .
 haiz my dream totally destroyed today thanks to chiu .
 become nata de coco liao .
 just got make-up cover up .
 the little bit of the house that  we can see in the video so far is ,  meh .
 so chio rich pretty and high ses .
 there like no cai png stall one .  
 this one must be careful .
 chiu mean she call another guy come ?
 typical sinkie man .
 chiu put imh in yishun ,  later the staff oso become siao siao .
 imh is a nice place for short walk and la kopi .
 its not that siaolang all at yishun .
 is stay in yishun make chiu siaolang .
 siaolang from yishun travel to imh ,  when leave yishun area their mental illness will ownself recover one .
 yishun oredi got imh branch .
 simi trace with bluetooth .
 so not use to it siah .
 it &apos;s a bit weird still .
 anyways renting a room in 40s is a minor red flag bah .
 still dont own house .
 so simple stay with chiu in the same room lor !
 satisfy each other &apos;s desire mah !
 malaysian single can own house meh ?
 40 yo is not girl liao .
 she sure horny .
 in my opinion ,  pick someone with better income or younger bah .
 but most importantly chiu happy can le .
 left side is sinkie .
 your cousin still alive ?
 i see i can afford anot .
 jin satki man .
 eat too full liao .
 tiagong taiwan got one case .
 mai tu liao faster go all in !
 i still haven’t collected mine sia .
 most using it liao .
 of course no one talk about it la .
 power leh still can post on social media to gpgt the atas free michelin meal and branded thing they get .
 chiu think single buy condo easy ?
 careful those have to say they ownself petite one .
 no recent pic no meet .
 later meet in real life cua tio .
 drags to toilets and piaks . 
 is jin fast leh .
 when young time pass slow .
 worst is no money . 
 at last show why jax got bionic arms .
 wa looks good leh .
 their exhaust is sibei loud .
 but hor ,  car still very very slow .
 me see is really rofl .
 arbo who will look at them ?
 got pic or video ?
 at least one got true power .
 charles yeo drive what ?
 he happy can liao .
 eh ,  need to find the carpet ?
 now carpet still very big .
 opposition better be careful don’t get self pawn .
 what are all these stupid idiots doing there ah ?
 after that ,  kpkb gahment .
 queueing in the great outdoors is jin xiasuay .
 can post on social media and haolian chiu  &apos;active lifestyle &apos; mah .
 chiu forgot  &apos;active lifestyle &apos; is the current trend meh ?
 heng my nature walk here not much people almost no one very relaxing and can enjoy the walk .
 the air is very fresh and cooling like aircon .    
 alot of girl inside the photo .
 kpkp about everything .
 darth vader good or bad ?
 so on and so forth lor .
 chiu talking about which black .
 get over here la .
 white cool looking angmo saving the day not in liao these days .
 still prefer the chinese liu kang those bad guys more satki .
 scorpion look the most satki .
 looks like casting not bad sia .
 the new one oso chinese what ,  he black ranger somemore .
 shang tsung look like shit .
 this guy is japanese leh .
 left side is sinkie .
 he &apos;s the sinkie actor with the most hollywood appearances .
 just saw the trailer like not bad .
 wow im impressed ,  looks good wor .
 got zhabor to mate oredi very good ,  still need care pure or not meh .
 finding a local gf is oredi tough enough for sinkies according to edmw .
 dont worry ,  after 6 months if they dont booster they will be unvaccinated .
 this world is in a mess liao .
 liddat blood bank need to change their labelling system liao .
 unvaccinated cannot dine-in ,  cannot watch movie ,  cannot go shopping ,  no chance to paktor will remain bbfa forever .
 so oyk is which one ?
 last year he said schools low risk of transmission will not close .
 every department oso got problems one la ,  just that some problems receive higher media publicity or scrutiny .
 ministry of transport is a suey job .
 whoever go in ,  suey for years .
 waste of money for what .
 no money still want buy new toys .
 typical sinkies &apos; behaviour .
 later going to jiak mookata .
 lmao at simple minded sinkies .
 sinkies are trapped in the rat race and kena pwned by pap oso dunno .
 meanwhile ,  angmo will talk about culture ,  sports ,  music ,  fine arts ,  food ,  travelling .
 knn ,  dont say angmo .
 even south east asian people like thai & vietnamese oso have more interesting topics to talk about like vietnam war ah ,  local culture & heritage ,  history  ,  food .
 even honkies talk politics ,  culture and hiking/camping etc .
 why nobody worried that he is even driving in the first place .
 she think hire lawyer is free mah .
 maybe queenstown there got sell cars oso .
 sure buy one ,  but good to be thrifty la ,  buy car is depreciating asset .
 see who guanxi weakest .
 at the rate he is going he will kena fixed thats an assurance .
 usa oni has 13 percent black .
 wa lucky he fat .
 not so much hated ,  more like people jelly .
 not ccp supporter hor .
 chiu happy jiu hao lor .
 which sinkie bu can cook ?
 they good in bed can liao .
 sinkies oni know how to make salad .
 waiting for 9k leh .
 still waiting for moi 23k .
 business owners song song gao jurong .
 unemployed no have la this time round .
 will have mortal kombat crossover soon ?
 yeah eggs a little watery but thats the way moi like it .
 how can chiu jiak oatmeal ?
 moi dont really like it .
 no carbs how chiu get muscle ?
 chiu body builder ?
 looks notch bad .
 no offense ,  but looks like shit .
 anyway i dont believe until shit happens to me .
 knn i anyhow hantam oso 50% correct .
 does it mean there will be no chance of reverting back to normalcy liao ?
 so their plan to open legs big big after fully vaccinated cannot realize liao ?
 one say this ,  one say that ,  who to listen sia .
 so no point to take la .
 now having aches until no mood to work .
 chiu how many kgs ?
 i &apos;ll oni date unvaccinated .
 so the summary is based on skepticism chiu decide not to vaccinate yourself ,  and chiu are trying to give me a lesson on intelligence and deceit .
 dont liddat la bro .
 nowadays can still overuse ?
 data is like so cheap ?
 charge so high for mobile plan still lost profits ?
 in other words ,  chiu die your problem ?
 can explain this lanjiao logic ?
 lost trust in them many times over .
 whatever they say or do ,  always have agenda .
 most prefer their own cars i gather .
 this siao lang can get merc ?
 did he ever win any case before ?
 your moronic post tell us chiu have low iq eh ?
 so chiu mean lawyers should do cases for free ah ?
 really retard to max .
 then again ,  all same same .
 what happening sia .
 tiagong xmm love to hug it .
 who this siao lang ?
 he &apos;s getting bonus next month le .
 f35 can deliver tact nukes oso mah .
 dont anyhow say .
 dr ng going to buy new toys this year ?
 time to buy nukes from usa and see cheena want to play punk anot .
 all the old toys bought a few years ago .
 need to replace and maintain la .
 time to buy toys from cheaper alternative like russia/china .
 chiu got more rich liao chiu still want to use the same old broken lock to safeguard your wealth ?
 weapon suppliers kp singapore no give them business .
 they oredi spend more than enough .
 sinkieland cannot use old toy to welcome them .
 if we attempt to develop nukes ,  first bugger to whack us is probably us .
 i believe the original actor is too old and out of shape to play shang tsung now ,  if not they sure ask him .
 no have the catchy ost like last time leh .
 liu kang still the main character ?
 looks sick man .
 as long as that cb kia michael bay is not involved ,  still watchable .
 as long as heathy for moi and let me hit my macros .
 anyway technically speaking chiu dunnid carbs to build muscle .
 what is this shit that chiu are eating ?
 chiu trying to lose weight ?
 chiu body your call .
 got time to enjoy before treatment .
 chiu people still go out shop shop .
 my uncle advise is to test and catch more people which chiu know is not vaccinated .
 some more alot not vaccinated not cos they dont want but is cos their age so cant get it done yet .
 super spreader spotted liao .
 another expert open mouth liao .
 take your jab asap ,  if not we approve sinovac !
 then might as well dont do safe distancing measures lor !
 dont restrict gathering limits lor !
 since now he say take or not take oso no diff .
 is it so hard to believe that an unvaccinated can disagree with another unvaccinated ?
 no matter the vaccination status ,  please make more babies ,  singapore needs it .
 so chiu may have to wait long long .
 past two weeks how many people died ?
 he really super duper famous in singapore and rest of world .
 shiok leh ,  clients withdraw voluntarily ,  so no need refund .
 dont be surprised if next month kena charged for cbt .
 moi just watch it yesterday at ps .
 but moi still prefer the 1995 shang tsung .
 jin satki men !
 debate with who ?
 sinkies dont vote oppo in give pap supermajority .
 waste money when our neighbour is not upgrading their damn military .
 huat big big for saf .
 this year huat gao gao ?
 wa ,  why are they wasting so much money when our country keep raising tax ?
 waste money oni .
 it &apos;s never gotten this bad in singapore .
 without ac impossible to sleep .
 wait month end utility bill come then chiu feel the pain .
 today very hot meh ?
 chiu experienced dubai before ?
 but they got winter .
 quite cold but shiok .
 my room never had an air con .
 now not all macs 24 hours .
 no egg buky for me .
 by the way so dry how to swallow huh ?
 the meat look nice leh .
 after jiak 2 months sure sian and will go back to delicious hawker food liao .
 but how chiu make .
 i oso jiak similar .
 not to everyone &apos;s taste though i gotta admit .
 the rest dunno liao .
 song bo sinkies ?
 think many bbfa are happy to siam chinese new year .
 got legit reason to siam .
 india got more satki lawyers than in singapore .
 cannot sue cos ceca .
 if no sue means humji .
 chiu sue them they oso wont entertain chiu .
 wait ,  singapore more malu to have this kind of defamation law .
 i go there very often leh .
 but heng never go at the same time as the cases . 
 dont start cluster hai see lang .
 ok then i dont go test liao .
 ownself buy kit test oso scared ?
 chao sinkies fault .
 just remove the hoop la ,  thats what they did to the one near my house .
 just use a sheet of metal to block the basket can liao .
 if not more than 2 pax playing is ok what .
 i believe the experts so must vaccinate lor .
 this one i think we know oredi .
 no need a doctor or minister to say .
 else is fake news hor .
 no scared oso die .
 sinkies just need to wear mask ,  wash hand and social distance for the rest of your lives .
 pay all the jiak liao bee paper generals and their toys .
 if fight war is how much ?
 looks good on paper nia .
 i feel so lucky that she didnt notice my superman underwear ,  i sure tio toto tomorrow liao .
 i never buy before .
 how much to buy ?
 toto this week is tomorrow wa .
 its not a secret la ,  it &apos;s that normally we go buy tickets ,  mostly wont tio .
 where the fun in that ?
 your computer can flirt with chiu ?
 i wonder how many trials before chiu win sia ?
 i think most unpleasant for me is a bui bui lao uncle keep squeezing and squirming beside me when the bus is super packed from town .
 old uncle take out shoes and kiao ka airing feet .
 orh pi sai and stick to the window .
 if siaolang can drive ,  when i see his car ,  i better siam far far .
 it &apos;s good business to be the preferred lawyer of choice for siao langs in singapore .
 once chiu get used to it ,  not complicated liao .
 chiu worry about his road hogging ,  i worry if he becomes siaolang and drives against traffic or stop in the middle of the road .
 chiu now high ses or low ses ?
 tldr: reduce travelling time as much as possible .
 nowadays youngsters really strawberries ,  scared of a bit of rain ?
 the site broke down liao .
 heng i naked sleep on the marble floor .
 50 bucks can buy 12 to 15 plates of cai png . 
 then gen y is what ?
 have evidence is due to vaccine ?
 put baby powder ,  see if still can stick anot .
 rub baby powder see can magnet boh .
 means she got real vaccine ?
 so low cannot hop over meh ?
 must be someone complain right
 i think last time secondary school got oredi .
 the metal itself cost how much liao ,  not to mention the cost for the welding work needed .
 i realise nowadays new flats like no have basketball and soccer ball courts .
 just remove the rim can liao .
 these people got brain or not
 chiu know how sibei wasteful saf is .
 the store inside got alot ancient stuff left one corner .
 hoto until all horlan .
 that why keep spending .
 cut the defence budget by 1/3 la !
 3 billion alot of money sia .
 from vivian mouth i believe cause he really is a professional doctor .
 they should be paid normal wage oni .
 visitors la ji with supermarket aunty .
 bukit merah all the oldies oredi pak pfizer in march ,  still tio like nobody business ?
 why they are not link ?
 always see people not wearing mask properly one .
 this time sure spread liao
 never close means can go .
 jit bai sibei jialat .
 left oredi forgot to check out .
 i laji with the cute daughter ?
 tiagong the 44 year old guy that passed on works there .
 if i elite scholar ,  chiu think i care bukit merah ?
 more important to grow gdp la .
 moi needed to take boat to school .
 acquired taste i would say .
 last time i put condense milk even worse .
 no point jiak 100% clean just for 1 week and give up right ?
 hdb still have la .
 so die oredi ?
 got cloth very good liao lor .
 can be worse than this hor .
 got difference meh ?
 malaysia people standard is liddat one .
 my side just now drizzle 2 minutes then stopped .
 drizzle and a bit of wind oni .
 bedok having big wind ,  hope rain arrive soon
 tonight can save my $1 on ac liao .
 chiu jelly cos chiu want to stand in my spot but chiu cant . 
 orh pi sai anyhow stick .
 the stupid excessively loud squeaky earphone noises coming from those yp ,  disrupting the otherwise peaceful ride .
 those people air their feet knn ,  feel like kicking their slippers far far away .
 long time never take bus oredi .
 my mum said one .
 not cold la but cool .
 moi increase is around $20+ cos april on more ac .
 feels hot liao .
 hope tomorrow rain whole day .
 don’t attack me liddat ley .
 armpit jin sweaty .
 moi go walk/jog after put kids to bed .
 chiu want to smell ?
 moi thermometer shows 30°c in room without aircon .
 moi aircon put dry mode till 27°c quite comfortable .
 jiak liao bee useless piece of trash come out scared people oni .
 they say no risk means no risk .
 if chiu die after vaccinate or got side symptoms ,  it’s never the vaccine issue !
 chiu cant blame them cos they just say ,  encourage chiu to take but never force chiu .
 gahment never forced chiu to take !
 so before i got jabbed ,  i checked and he oredi said can lim jiu after jab .
 moh say cannot .
 no symptoms or problems at all for moi .
 no choice but to trust garment liao .
 i want to have power like quicksilver .
 then no need take bus mrt oredi .
 run oso will sweat and become smelly .
 sekali this is the new variant .  
 alot of boliao people .
 up a bit can see armpit liao .
 who is magento ah ?
 those vintage cars oso jin unique .
 ya she has to stop damaging the image .
 somemore stay condo now .
 wow he can sleep well at night meh ?
 walan ,  really another side of him that i see now  .
 i thought covid over .
 it is still pandemic ,  alot of sinkies are earning lesser and pap still wants to spend $16b for usa .
 actually spam and luncheon meat got what difference ah ?
 same same but different  .
 is jin ho jiak .
 singapore one not bad oso .
 remember this and do the needful when the time comes else we are all kumgong kias !
 woah so racist leh !
 clean like this may as well dont clean lor .
 nothing new from bolehland .
 very common lepak/lazy attitude .
 aiya on both sides of the causeways ,  the politicians oso dont take public transport one .
 i wouldn’t jump to such a conclusion so fast .
 aiya naysayers alot la .
 an la an la ,  chiu very strong la ,  all of us jin weak ,  a bit of wind we can fly oredi .
 chiu diam diam go to sleep la .
 the sky very dark again .
 no sun ,  no rain ,  jin windy .
 for a short while nia .
 no rain oso they carry umbrella .
 your time mata still wearing shorts and hdb oni 30k isit ?
 today wind direction different .
 can recommend which car to drive ?
 most jialat is i open the window and lao auntie behind complain the wind is making her hair messy .
 uncle take out shoe and use fingers to rub his toes .
 i ever kena the driver close the back door while people are still waiting to alight from upper deck .
 sinkies look down on me cos moi take bus .
 moi buy kuay teow got the smell auntie buay song .
 uncle molest moi butt .
 thats moi list .
 bus can open window ?
 i think i havent take bus for more than 35 years .
 cannot tahan people watching videos without earphones .
 simisai oso stick .
 i wanna be a mutant too !
 phase 3 soon liao .
 going down liao !
 by end of august think can declare victory liao .
 sinkies all letting hair down since friday announcement .
 covid tio defeated once again !
 if many group of 2 playing at the same time ok ?
 same like jogging right ?
 check isit grass root .
 chiu jin naive ,  i like .
 classic sinkie style ,  cos sinkie dont how to auto .
 oni when kena caught and fined then cry father mother .
 just keep the ball la .
 kids can climb over to play oso right ?
 i oso slanging when angmo passengers board my taxi .
 so that angmo can understand sinkie better ?
 this is a skill ,  not everyone can do it de .
 sinkie land workers use eye power agar-agar nia .
 then ok mah ,  more straight .
 too horny ,  cannot tahan .
 next week chiong ktv .
 i think covid will give us a chance to have a rest day bah .
 national day tomorrow leh .
 when open up and allow dine in ,  the numbers will chiong up again .
 under control liao .
 i let picture do the talking .
 chiu want proof ?
 really siaolang many .
 this is why im waiting until at least 50% of the population here is fully vaccinated ,  bo dai ji then i go .
 so be it ,  i am a siaolang according to my haters here .
 it’s worse than flu leh .
 made in taiwan lagi better and cheaper ,  need 20 , 000 pieces of these .
 the article is one day old oni leh .
 police fire missile ,  sibei satki , 
 like when chiu wake up chiu dont feel shiok or slept deep enough ?
 i remember after a marathon my sleep is really good but wake up everywhere pain .
 i haven’t have more than 5 hrs of continuous sleep for dunno how many years liao .
 sure wake up after 4 to 5 hours and try to sleep back .
 long term wise will lead to dementia .
 all the under $10 goodies oredi hoot liao .
 moi enjoy watching people play games and tip them .
 i more gian the rotk14 .
 knn time to buy games that i &apos;ll never play .
 cannot take it liao .
 why the woman dont go to his room instead ?
 there is a fine line between cheapo and down to earth .
 cos many things sponsored leh .
 leaving them with one backside of debts that they take their whole lives to repay lol
 everything sponsored of course lah
 confirmed got people sponsor alot of things .
 i want find a girlfriend like kim tae hee .
 moh just hire more people to do contract tracing la .
 all vacinnated still tio ?
 i have this friend everyday tell me she go exercise or gym but still chubby .
 doing this for 1 to 2 years le .
 wasting their time oni .
 your friend really go gym or go there take selfie and beo xmm in yoga pants ?
 gym finish reward ownself with 120% sugar bubble tea ?
 most go gym to use toilet oni .
 but still bui bui .
 seen many ,  so far the real successful slim down is really diet .
 means wrong method lor .
 toilet got install or not ?
 then i can deter burglars without ownself spend money install cctv !
 install at every front door kym ?
 reduce dispute between neighbours oso .
 isnt he the leading local sexpert on infectious disease .
 what chiu want him to say leh .
 he got mention in an interview .
 cos people in full ppe oso can kena .
 this is proof that sexperts are useless .
 he will always appear on ch8 news one .
 maybe tonight 630pm news can see him .
 these day ,  macam is always the big team who will win fa cup or at least finish the runner up .
 bloody waste of time and money for the clubs .
 if always big 4 winning oso a bit sian .
 they really go one big round .
 of course dunnid spend much .
 save money good la .
 this year no have ?
 chiu obviously never do crime before .
 singapore all murders unsolved hor .
 which murderer no brain one .
 nowadays secondary kids look so mature alrdy .
 chiu cannot cure kumgong .
 ultimate low ses makan for today .
 buy from food court dabao back eat .
 so many ,  how to eat finish ?
 where to buy this ?
 trust me ,  no matter what films it is as long as from tiongkok more or less got some propoganda one .
 some is jin nice .
 noc is simi sai ?
 want to generate more income just say la ,  what more entertaining for the fans crap .
 simi lanjiao cup is uefa conference league ,  another 3rd tier cup for uefa to make tv money ?
 always exercise but cannot control diet so cannot lose weight .
 see oredi kek sim .
 i see alot of girls go gym run treadmill oni ,  main purpose should be go there to find rich bf oni .
 after that secretly jiak potato chips and chocolate in her room .
 diet very very important .
 of course bu ky .
 like this i everyday have to put on make up wear nice nice at home ?
 his kukujiao itchy is it ?
 can deport both of them or not ?
 if they had ,  then should be ok i think .
 dont stir sai ler .
 later gahment come out other pattern more worse how ?
 propaganda lai liao .
 can finish one la .
 now i oredi halfway liao .
 looks jin ho jiak .
 knn sold out liao .
 i think your this meal costs more than mine .
 maybe a bit more nia .
 ya i oso got such friend .
 not close but see her ig keep showing off her gym moments with her friends ,  then go makan alot .
 but im not bui bui or anything   .
 disclaimer: this is not a chio bu .
 heng i took moderna liao .
 next day ok liao .
 heng simi ,  next will chu article say every few month need to replenish your jab .  
 everyone so guai ?
 which one nice to jiak ?
 tiagong can cure any illness .
 bo discount pay full price .
 no rare gem le .
 or people will think he gone liao .
 pm never show face not happy ,  pm show face oso not happy .
 used to be my dinner makan place .
 not cheap sia ,  still use msg .
 if those cheap tzechar use msg cannot complain .
 wa chiu big eater man .
 can treat moi jiak ?
 taobao back eat slowly .
 not hot not hojiak .
 even kena at least wont icu .    
 what they selling ?
 go kfc eat chicken oni ?
 getting chubbier but every day workout .
 oredi have what .
 chiu got something to hide ?
 when real ,  they will of course kpkb .
 tiagong is pink oni .
 then what chiu eat sia ?
 frappe very sweet leh .
 what a pu bor .
 confirm is sinkie .
 couldnt believe it &apos;s sinkieland until i saw that bus .
 bo liao sia waste time .
 leader bare minimum requirement must show face mah .
 he needs to show that he still the one making decisions mah .
 if not later really thought he handed over to lw liao .
 steady ,  just go oni .
 got people triggered liao .
 chiu dreaming is it .
 but still got people visit each other house for social activities wor .
 today is good day to go jb ?
 the rest of the week i eat very chinchai one .
 abang where got sinful ?
 the vortex campaign is pretty interesting oso .
 very worth the moola .
 i assume no harm right ?
 won’t happen one .
 im a typical sinkie .
 got free stuff ,  i just take first talk later .
 really is tempt us to jiak bui bui .
 minion potato ho jiak boh ?
 when hot and cripsy is ho jiak cos inside is soft soft de .
 taste like hash brown ah ?
 really hard to slim down sia .
 how much is one by the way ?
 tiagong buay pai .
 still expensive leh .
 tiagong doom eternal is damn fast .
 i oso havent get .
 ok reported mata liao .
 next exit 500 miles away that’s why .
 you &apos;re not a burger person ?
 she threatened to tell her husband sibo .
 this type death sentence sua .
 very gian to hoot .
 got difference leh .
 some people everything oso kpkb .
 how much the damage ?
 save petrol oil la .
 go wrong way very jialat .
 wa really next level .
 crazy ,  hope the siaolang gets exposed .
 the driver suffer from brain damage sibo ?
 to be frank ,  it &apos;s like sinkies .
 wa chiu all so supportive ah ?
 but worry about the laosai next day .
 which zhabor star will he be co staring with ?
 this is really ultimate .
 booster oso got expiry de ?
 this is damn sneaky sia .
 i oni can say is they ask for it .
 ts ,  chiu tested putting on liao ?
 chiu forget or chiu dunno ?
 ya test le l a bit tight fit for me .
 i see many auntie hoot l too .
 walk down see no people faster go take lor . 
 those folks are sick af .
 i think the physical abuse is worse leh .
 no other choice liao .
 rich sia chiu all .
 buy to collect never play de .
 want to save petrol oso not this way la .
 heng moi wear wig .
 rarely laosai oso after jiak chili .
 what kinda girl chiu like ?
 how come all pay the same price ?
 not master bedroom pay more meh ?
 why chiu expose people secret ?
 he happy can liao .
 going to jiak this till wednesday .
 how to resist chiu tell me .
 chiu buy which type one .
 quality good ah  ?
 so chinchai play first lor .
 played for a short while i return liao .
 play oredi want to vomit .
 but dunno if i wanna buy again or not .
 chiu really belong to my generation bo ?
 wow seh so old liao .
 ask him wait till chiu eat finish then talk .
 just display lah
 complain now no use .
 by the time elections come sinkies all forget liao .
 her ig has these oso .
 i &apos;d love to slap on her butt checks until red .
 the liquid is warm leh .
 i oredi confessed .
 please gib me chance .
 heard its a zhabor driver .
 alot people are liddat .
 they happy can oredi .
 or maybe they just gay .
 wa rent so much now ?
 need to support rental market leh .
 heng i haven’t taken booster jab .
 they say chiu must jab means chiu must jab .
 thought is 6 months nia .
 wonder how much they going to charge sia ?
 so we follow what ?
 how many mcspicy have chiu hoot so far ?
 jiak 4 yesterday for lunch and dinner .
 i hooted many many 1 for 1 kfc banditos instead .
 haven’t hoot yet .
 ts bo laosai 4 times today ?
 built by her construction friends huh ?
 never cut ribbon ?
 her past career nothing really impressive .
 they older than your ah mah now chiu still fap .
 crying no tears one .
 she like damn imba kind .
 one spike confirm break through all the defences one .
 chiu so auntie ah ,  collect so early .
 just show oni loh .
 i thought can ?
 the person mind something wrong ?
 so dangerous lor .
 go exercise need to put make up ar ?
 i oso suspect .
 anyway ,  these people are really yao siu .
 not just a burger nia .
 jiak liao laosai .
 100% laosai food for me leh .
 i laosai alot just now .
 i don’t think i want to mcspicy for dinner liao .
 eat too much soon pants will cannot buckle .
 this is so jav siol .
 but young people liddat one .
 kumgong uni students .
 tell chiu all oredi .
 been wanting to hoot this for the longest of time .
 winter sales i think .
 now ps5 out liao .
 oni the left one is ky .
 but still not bad la .
 body is really jin nice .
 in singapore ,  anyone anyhow can jab booster ,  high risk ,  low risk ,  no risk oso jab .
 say phone no battery lor .
 all talk so big but when actually tio will guai guai show the vaccination status .
 hawker the tables all fixed to the floor one .
 siao lang many many .
 wow jin satki man .
 he girlfriend his mother friend ?
 sinkies too stress .
 got smell one leh .
 ok la go ahead .
 many xdds oredi watching jav .
 noah yap a bit look like gangster . 
 really jin yaosiu .
 wa ,  egyptian bu in singapore .
 mcspicy still yummy .
 jiaked 2 so far .
 where got promo ?
 equally ho jiak .
 heng ah i just managed to order 1-for-1 mcspicy before outlet closed .
 they dont want treat their parents as maids .
 these sinkie men really throw face la .
 want to act like angmo .
 want to show women he big boy liao .
 maybe they 28 oredi piak many girls liao ?
 oso not say chiu .
 maybe will ask mom how to piak girls .
 maybe he piak the aunties liao leh ?
 chiu got try beside h81 the stretch ?
 now no more raw fish liao .
 how we identify ?
 condo got undervalue now ?
 chiu think people will hoot condo or landed ?
 chiu really drunk elephant .
 just hoot no need wait . 
 cheaper than steam in my opinion .
 got what cheap game ah .
 they got mentioned la ,  but in the fine print .
 so we gonna die ?
 got other choice ?
 dont worry la !
 release oredi meh ?
 ya can collect le .
 go counter buy .
 chiu people should avoid too much angmo food .
 give chinese food a chance la .
 today got what coupon ?
 i oni saw ice cream one .
 i redeem my sausuge egg mcmuffin liao .
 next day will refresh again ?
 most xdd primary school watch porn oredi .
 forgot called what liao .
 chiu jelly i get paid more than chiu to zuobolan ?
 no need jelly i sure earn more than chiu .
 piak piak confirm must close light .
 her real face like this ?
 heng handphone never drop into toilet bowl .
 singapore alot of siao langs .
 so what singapore court going to do ?
 he just needs another sox toy la .
 chiu following moi ?
 need to embrace ,  open society mah .
 buay pai wor this deal .
 which payment method chiu all use to pay ?
 xbox controller lor .
 really waste time .
 1 million oredi crossed liao .
 chiu may call him siao lang ,  but he provide many hidden info we dunno .
 why chiu scold her ?
 another super hot day .
 everyday oso jin hot .
 so we oso die ?
 please la us $23 they oso dont have meh .
 tomorrow still have ?
 her makeup damn thick one .
 pull up and down can ?
 came in thinking got chio bu .
 the mask got stucked so never drop .
 but lucky dont count i think .
 sinkie legal system cmi .
 why kukujiao shrink oredi ?
 she should &apos;ve taken it out on the husband too tiobo ?
 heng ah ,  no demand for sinovac vaccines in the world ,  so it could be cheaper .
 parents sure damn kek sim .
 i thought 180 days expire liao ?
 means we every year must jab  ?
 tio tricked meh ?
 it is a known fact leh .
 secretlab is making big wave overseas but over here kena flak .
 creative got support ar .
 no need stay away one .
 can win the caramel frappe meh ?
 wa jialat now like cannot open app .
 but must be alot alot .
 got simi mexican burger coming ?
 i saved the cheese sauce jiak with fries really nice sial !
 chiu got time to play bo ?
 weather so hot ,  sure got sweat one mah .
 half day oso cannot tahan .
 1 week i think the mask turn mouldy liao .
 one week wash one time ah ?
 all the rent money wasted sia .
 dunno why got morons talking about learning to do house work and cooking by moving out .
 from top to bottom all siao lang .
 chiu oso bought it what .
 they imagine nia .
 how much chiu loogi ?
 next time no more chinese new year in singapore liao .
 tomorrow is hotcakes  1 for 1 ah ?
 tiagong his lao bu is a teacher ?
 ended up kena influenced by online rubbish .
 simple as that .
 singapore too comfortable for her liao .
 expected a picture of chio bu wearing mask .
 this one is indeed sibei ugly .
 got the kukujiao bulge shape .
 unfortunately ,  yesterday cai png stall not open !
 got cute ghost ?
 sinkie hotels not doing any better .
 buy liao scare no enough time to clear sian .
 3 weeks jail oni ?
 how come i dunno ?
 chiu all tell me la !
 can save ang pao money oso .
 chiu worry about yourself better la  .
 worry for what ?
 now they jitao print 3 trillions in 3 months .
 no chio bu in starbucks .
 not fair to say people kumgong .
 heng chiu all mentioned .
 i have aftershock oso  .
 all along they say take jab oredi can liao .
 big is more comfy then small .
 please dont say her until liddat .
 watch oredi oso headache .
 chiu go google see i got bluff chiu or not .
 happy more important .
 see liao damn dulan sia .
 almost killed her leh .
 he happy can oredi .
 no wonder need to move out la .
 but he got worry about chiu ?
 everywhere long queue .
 strike liao no need work forever .
 got such thing as surge down ?
 got pap to hold up usd .
 ts chiu guilty or not sell people junk ?
 how come last time people say macbook battery life 9 hours .
 to him maybe treasure .
 heng i sayang it .
 chiu from nepal is it ?
 then how to go starbucks liddat . 
 quite true oso .
 mine is confirm l size .
 got some predictions oso that in december will have a deadlier virus .
 think river angpow bazaar and performance oso cancel ?
 see oredi want to vomit
 so they know a few boliao skills then laugh at people who dunno or are not so skilled in it .
 really jin boliao in my pov .
 ts posting boliao threads .
 this ts damn boliao .
 i tio blacklisted sian .
 i a bit chua tio when i saw allen wu cos he about my height nia .
 i sibei chua tio .
 the dad is suay .
 the famous kueh now no tourist can survive ?
 he being the winner shows how kelong the award is .
 i think salah dont care la .
 they using last season &apos;s contribution for the award la .
 give up la ,  ts .
 is the neh neh getting bigger ?
 the voice cannot make it lei .
 looks jin saggy .
 how many tissues she stuffed inside ?
 it’s super slim and touchbar jin sexy .
 carousell sibei alot funny person .
 but too bad sold liao .
 what model chiu using ?
 caurosell alot of siao lang .
 i dont entertain liao .
 cant bai nian and cant go holiday .
 tia gong end of this year gonna be phase 3 ?
 heng ah ,  saved alot on angpow money .
 gahment ask chiu jab ,  just go jab !
 i put in freezer many months .
 my math is f one .
 no need to explain much la .
 think thats the best one in that location liao .
 that one not bad right ?
 how come no hotels here going bankrupt ah ?
 how come over here we have yet to hear similar news ?
 i read halfway dont want to read liao .
 act blur carry on  .
 or act blur dont mention him
 i go there the guy act blur say dunno .
 dont act blur like chiu first time know this hor .
 just act blur oni .
 our gahment like to act blur .
 if they buy from ahbeng shop it will be much cheaper .
 ahbeng shops some are used one .
 this ahbeng fat like a pig .
 no ahbengs or siao lang .
 i want to grow up like him be a chao ahbeng .
 this one the ahbeng version .
 last time he was scouted when he acted as ahbeng with joanne peh .
 ahbeng shop cannot trust one .
 me is sinkie ahbeng through & through .
 i am not an ahbeng .
 she has phd ,  but lesser wisdom than an ahbeng that roaming the streets .
 they can knock out those sinkie yp ahbengs anytime they want .
 chao ahbeng look .
 her ex oso ahbeng type ,  she confirm attracted to this kind
 kena piak by ahbeng boyfriend too ?
 probably poked many times by yp ahbeng .
 the guy look like typical ahbeng .
 my bmt buddy is ah gua ,  cannot do pull up then hang there and cry .
 not sure is girl ,  boy or ah gua .
 no wonder moi saw one chao ah gua cross dress there .
 alamak ,  i meant louis armstrong .
 alamak ,  i become fat oredi . 
 alamak ,  never read properly .
 alamak ,  who asked him to call ?
 alamak ,  say clearly la .
 alamak ,  now all the videos cannot watch liao .
 alamak ,  missed it .
 alamak ,  sibei busy sia he .
 alamak ,  the facebook post removed liao sia .
 alamak ,  still havent wake up is it ?
 alamak ,  i ate there before and use the toilet .
 alamak wanna live bet too late .
 alamaa that zhabor doesnt know what is shame sia .
 alamak why she still hasn &apos;t got married ?
 alamak why chiu no marry her last time ?
 alamak next time don’t get married .
 alamak another round of fraud ?
 alamak i realise post wrong thread .
 do chiu think people will be more forgiving if he is andy lau instead of looking like a face kena langga by lorry .
 i see many social media comments solely attacking the chee ko peks .
 doesnt change the fact he is chee ko pek .
 there is no way all the chee ko pek will not be chee ko anymore .
 chee ko peks how ?
 looks like chee ko pek .
 everytime i see him i oni think of chee ko pek .
 dont tell me that there are no chee ko pek in the same area .
 reminded me of some chee ko pek here .
 so many chee ko peks .
 i guess the next video will be the number of ladies that he chee ko pek .
 lucky i dont have friends that are chee ko pek and hum sup lor . 
 chee ko pek go ktv no check in one .
 she gave the chee ko peks of singapore a booster shot .
 she may just be doing an honest living and infected by the chee ko pek around her .
 this angmo so fat confirm got health issues .
 maybe just to differentiate japanese green tea from angmo teh .
 there are other angmos who criticised cheena ,  should we take those as truth as well ?
 asians not so crazy about heights like angmos .
 they dont believe in these cos they are angmo right ?
 how come angmo countries no chinese ghost ?
 he claimed he hooked up with many angmo bu before leh .
 and it &apos;s like why angmo still celebrate halloween .
 angmo come singapore automatically become cool liao .
 my sister angmo bf is nerdy angmo type .
 so these angmo go back oso no need quarantine ah .
 chiu have angmo friend too  ?
 looks like a angmo .
 this kind of baotoh kia must be condemned .
 this thread alot big talk but until now baotoh kia still not revealed .
 baotoh kia in this thread trying hard to shift the discussion away from finding out who he is .
 faster go baotoh dont wait liao !
 purposely baotoh him to police .
 must be tio baotoh by people she know .
 maybe her niece baotoh her ?
 dunno who baotoh him siol .
 guailan and baotoh kia .
 time to baotoh to mom .
 i would oso baotoh lor .
 afterwards chiu kena baotoh .
 baotoh whole lot of them give them die , 
 on one hand ,  ask neighbours to baotoh .
 she promise wont baotoh .
 baotoh kia is needed in this case
 vendor buay song go baotoh him .
 dont baotoh me leh ,  thats what i do .
 many baotoh kia here .
 chiu really type in chim engrish .
 why use such chim words when he himself oso dont seem confident in saying it .
 too chim for moi .
 dunnid to use chim words to flex .
 this thread too intellectual chim for moi .
 chim can explain ?
 dunno why they always like to use chim words that they dunno the meaning of .
 alot of people read stuff on the net then anyhow throw some chim word when talking cock .
 all the chim words and word twisting .
 wa can chiu use more chim words so i can learn .
 sorry your engrish is jin chim .
 this one very chim to me leh .
 india law too chim for us liao .
 why must use chim words ?
 make until too chim .
 this one very chim .
 will chiu use chim words in arguments ?
 my buddy chaokeng all the way .
 fch i think fetch chao chao 6k .
 they will buy chicken and keep until chao sng .
 buy fish and keep until chao sng .
 she ky but face chao lao .
 chiu kena an interviewer who chaokeng ns ,  of cos he wont give a damn even if chiu put chiu lieutenant colonel in ns before .
 now chao chao 5k .
 ya lor now pass degree in comp science oso chao chao 5k .
 hoot 1 toto chao chao 1k liao . 
 she look chao lao .
 why nowadays the girls so chao lao one ?
 but tiagong his parents quite bo chup type .
 some dads really bo chup one .
 end up i just bo chup dont pick up any calls till i was back in office .
 sinkie bo chup one .
 but looks like they bo chup oredi .
 but he oso bo chup the safety of the population .
 bo chup about health and calorie intake ,  seldom exercise .
 other matters bo chup .
 but he totally bo chup .
 so many simply bo chup now .
 but the majority just follow the book and bo chup .
 so ,  naturally students oso bo chup them .
 but today see the review the staff there like cmi and doctor sibei bo chup .
 if most bo chup her ,  then who is harassing her ?
 chiu see the car infront of chiu slow down chiu still bo chup .
 i mean some parents can bo chup right ?
 please dont call people bodoh .
 test dna if unsure la bodoh .
 cut down on the jap av la bodoh .
 google la bodoh .
 really want to marry her bodoh .   
 your father stupid bodoh .
 so not all are bodoh .
 chiu bodoh ,  or what ?
 bodoh sial this guy .
 she bodoh or what ?
 how to pretend bodoh ?
 if singapore goes down we all go down bodoh .
 this is not a court ,  chiu bodoh .
 simplify for a stupid bodoh like me  .
 oni bodoh will believe .
 client ask something oni he scold client bodoh ?
 chiu bodoh or what .
 i would act bodoh and say not my business .
 chiu so old liao still act bodoh ,  chiu buay paiseh meh .
 bodoh or stopped thinking .
 and chiu say people bodoh ?
 bodoh to the max .
 dont be bodoh la .
 bodoh find out law la !
 shiok sia bodoh .
 im not malayian u bodoh .
 im sure gahment not so bodoh until believe test figures .
 if chiu have exit permit approved you &apos;re exempt from reservist chiu bodoh .
 can ferry passengers in 2nd cabin and lots of space for barang barang behind .
 can store alot barang barangs .
 after the grace period ,  all these barang barang are loaded up and thrown away .
 siao bo dont even have wall outlet ,  no place to put barang barang .
 inside many barang barang .
 i look at my mom kitchen which is full of barang barang i oso shake head .
 unless every time before chiu start the robot chiu need to clear all your barang barang first .
 moi everytime take out my barang barang oso will see those stupid keys and reminds me of work . 
 bring all your barang barang .
 they always chope one special corner at food court put their barang barang and talk cock one .
 everything  ,  all your barang barang .
 this includes bringing up to 2 weeks of barang barang for each stay .
 can put all my barang barang inside .
 so i bring my barang barang and go down .
 knn moi cant put my barang barang such as my teddy bear .
 but where is his barang barang ?
 that guy is jin boh liao .
 jin boh liao sia .
 is boh liao one .
 nice one boh liao ?
 yes very boh liao ,  every year has to do once .
 pfizer one like boh liao .
 oni boh liao people will want to edit .
 this is really boh liao .
 moi boh liao go calculate maybe no masturbrate a few days can save 100 billion sperms .
 these people really boh liao .
 chiu type like this sure got boh liao people report chiu one .
 uncle why chiu open such boh liao thread .
 so far im the one asking these boh liao questions .
 how chiu guys find such boh liao things .
 eat ,  sleep ,  work ,  pcc ,  games ,  laugh at boh liao threads .
 sinkies damn boh liao .
 catch no ball what chiu talk .
 catch no ball of what chiu are writing .
 chiu catch no balls da sarcasm meh ?
 i really catch no ball .
 moi catch no balls leh !
 they sure catch no balls with applications .
 i see the explanation oso catch no ball .
 totally catch no ball .
 i tried starting on series 3 of oregairu ,  but first few minutes totally catch no ball .
 her england i catch no ball .
 i think they catch no ball what chiu are saying .
 read your title a few times but catch no ball .
 catch no ball what you’re trying to say .
 thats why i catch no ball .
 catch no ball ,  no where got mention the cup size .
 limpeh oso catch no ball .
 her engrish really catch no ball ,  i think secondary school can write better .
 i catch no ball for last part of the sentence .
 some women just catch no ball when they watch superhero or sci fi movies .
 must write in their native language ,  or they catch no ball .
 5 minutes into the book and i catch no ball .
 probably typo or some special meaning that we catch no ball .
 hokkien too chim i catch no ball .
 his workmanship buay pai .
 i stayed one night then buay tahan go report sick .
 the secondary storyline oso buay pai .
 getting traineeship is like telling your future employer chiu buay gan cannot find full time job . 
 she buay sian meh ?
 really buay gan .
 chiu is buay gan .
 the rest are all buay zhun .
 wa if really can is buay pai wor .
 i suggest chiu dump her first before she dump chiu ,  at least chiu buay paiseh .
 buay tahan his accent .
 always use same excuse buay sian meh .
 so dont push the blame to the parents when the teachers buay gan .
 waste time but sibei song .
 overall buay pai .
 sinkie cigarette buay tahan .
 use condom jin buay song piak 1 hour still no shoot .
 really buay tahan .
 heavy and buay move one  .
 mai an ni kuan ,  very paiseh if buay zhun . 
 not sure ,  cos the app buay zhun one .
 he see the son so buay gan .
 the not so intelligent ones ,  really buay tahan with me .
 i didn’t say buay zhun .
 no wonder he buay song with joss as director ,  his scenes are greatly ruined by him .
 most of the time i buay song is people with no compassion .
 tio liao buay ?
 some cheena uni ?
 but why his cheena oso so cui .
 nothing wrong with non-chinese going to hwa chong or other cheena schools .
 my tekong army batch has a very fit cheena born sinkie guy ,  pes a status but saf still put him do admin ,  let him book out daily .
 chiu can work for bbc or some cheena tv liao .
 where is the chio bu ?
 see the side view oredi know not chio bu .
 i miss sim chio bus .
 so many female olympians are chio bus  .
 walking with him got 3 chio bu .
 the more money chiu have ,  the more chio bus surround chiu .
 she blossomed into a chio bu .
 people thinking if really chio bu anot .
 chio bu just beo la .
 sell insurance if chiu not chio bu ,  no background ,  no network .
 chio bu is never wrong one .
 yes moi sappork chio bus .
 i got this chio bu boss before  .
 we saw a chio bu smoking .
 why chiu so kanchiong ?
 when it’s down chiu chiong ,  when it’s up chiu wait .
 no picture cos i just chiong the food .
 lucky i dont really chiong games .
 chiu dont have the body and energy to chiong and have fun anymore .
 i like to chiong home after lecture study at home  .
 chionging to malaysia now !
 got freebie ,  mandate everyone must use ,  straight away chiong down to take .
 chiu dont first one chiong when reopen can liao .
 this guy trying damn hard .
 most of my ns mates all became damn fat .
 they damn malu .
 damn pathetic right ?
 his kukujiao must be damn big or family is rich .
 serious they are damn horny ones .
 that one damn irritating .
 it &apos;s cos their covid cases are too damn high .
 he must be thinking he damn smart .
 her degree is damn good one right . 
 chiu all damn funny .
 the park damn full sia .
 damn tired at the end of the day still need to make baby .
 your descriptions are so damn funny .
 but i feel very hesitant to accept the job cos im damn scared that i will end up hating the job .
 looks damn scary .
 he still look damn good like last time .
 you’re so damn brainwashed .
 i always find it damn lame when sinkees whine about qualifying for world cup .
 she wants to act like she is damn pure but in fact she is a slut too .
 i oso cant tahan the wife damn pretty .
 his story really sounds damn fake .
 their parents must be damn proud of their achievements .
 anyway i oso think this system is damn cui .
 my lag until damn jialet maybe cos laptop .
 the vaccine is damn useless .
 damn shiok that one .
 can chiu diam diam ?
 best to diam and enjoy the show .
 if there &apos;s nothing to say or dont even know what to reply ,  just diam and log off from here .
 can chiu diam and do your food delivery ?
 just use what chiu like and diam diam .
 well ,  when they earning big money ,  all diam diam .
 keep diam diam and sweep under magic carpet .
 then singapore gahmen diam diam .
 diam diam and expect people to forget about it next week .
 if diam diam no stir trouble ,  nobody complain then bo taiji lor .
 sometimes i really feel ar if he diam diam better .
 too much diam diam policy until sinkie oso bo chup .
 dont play play hor this is very serious .
 dont play play with heart palpitation .
 whoa that area better drive safe ,  dont play play .
 dont play play with this kind of siao lang .
 please wait for the coming elections results to double confirm ok ?
 i help chiu double confirm .
 double confirm that they know what they are dealing with .
 just to be sure ,  it &apos;s best to double confirm by checking the days between the two appointments .
 double confirm first by eating sour plums and smell your shіt .
 grab her neh neh to double confirm .
 means chop and double confirm they are here .
 i walked past 3 times to double confirm .
 we have reason to suspect many countries do not test as many times as singapore to double confirm if a person is really infected with covid .
 can chiu double confirm ?
 all her ex really oso dulan her .
 let them spam him till dulan .
 i chinese ,  i oso dulan the task force .
 then he dulan and lost focus .
 i foresee will have people just take the bowl and utensils go wash and bring home cos they dulan to return tray .
 everytime see his face is automatically will feel jin dulan one .
 everytime i think of it i dulan and when i dulan ,  i work more !
 see his face oso dulan .
 maybe the valet dulan this girl .
 nicer way to say chiu are dulan .
 then the surgeon will be dulan and invite chiu to come back do colonoscopy again if cannot get a clear picture of the colon .
 sibei dulan now .
 then the people there dulan me .
 whoever see liao hear liao oso sian and dulan .
 dunno why now i see his face i get dulan .
 last time when i siao on gym ,  i always dulan those who hog the machine and chit chat with friends .
 if i am lecturer i oso dulan and remember this type of problem student .
 people are getting dulan liao .
 i see his face i damn dulan now .
 i more dulan is why is he still smiling .
 so many people very dulan with cyclists .
 see doctor dunnid money meh ?
 if can then dunnid to spend so much .
 dunnid to force yourself to become something chiu dont wanna be .
 dunnid to worry about local indians .
 dunnid to attack them oso .
 start on a day when chiu dunnid to work so chiu can rest or sleep if needed .
 i dunnid to know the ramblings of your weak mind .
 i dunnid to know why or how it works just need to use it for my daily needs .
 chiu dunnid to pay if ya not interested in resuming the line .
 dunnid so stingy max towards your own parents .
 dunnid say until so formal la .
 he just told me dunnid ,  he can sign for me .
 thats why people walking dunnid wear mask .
 now outside back to normal liao mah ,  dunnid scared la .
 dunnid argue or counter moi point . 
 dunnid write so much .
 dunnid worry ,  try eat fruits for dinner maybe ?
 should show everyone so that people who not up to her standard dunnid to waste their time on such girl .
 good things dunnid to advertise de .
 i go tip her gao gao so chiu dunnid worry
 exercise dunnid so much time one la just chop chop currypok do a bit each day can liao .
 dunnid photo one .
 moi is chinchai type .
 i very chinchai one .
 my wife oso thinks that i too chinchai .
 sometimes ,  if they kiap the wrong dish ,  i just chinchai ,  just take .
 chiu dont chinchai then chiu can win .
 the owners all very chinchai close deal one .
 but most of the time ,  i quite chinchai one la .
 no lehs ,  i very chinchai one for part time jobs .
 chinchai jiak la .
 singapore &apos;s free wifi is cmi .
 i never say her face or body cmi .
 such condition is considered cmi !
 his skills cmi one .
 that is still fine but his attitude is really cmi . 
 i cmi anything so go drive taxi .
 the standard drop until cmi when it wasn &apos;t that great in the beginning .
 his acting and hosting skill really cmi .
 the hotel toilet bowl like cmi .
 singapore media and entertainment industry cmi and it lose alot during covid .
 i thought jay chou told her she cmi in singing ?
 really jin cmi .
 actually any phone that needs to be charged more than once a day is cmi for me liao .
 singapore one really cmi .
 another shopping mall which is cmi is lot 1 .
 his face cmi for kpop bands mah .
 older people will say younger generation cmi .
 fast forward 20 years ,  the current younger generation will say the new younger generation cmi .
 all the new hawker centres cmi .
 thats why now german products cmi .
 ironic ,  considering most of them cmi in singapore .
 the new millennials really cmi .
 the ramly burger i ate at pasar malam always cmi .
 gahment cmi unable to attract our local talent in silicon valley back .
 the current one i think cmi against the double mutant strain from india .
 i realise iphone 11 camera really cmi when lighting is poor .
 eeyer very disgusting sia . 
 it &apos;s just like they always say eeyer chiu pee when chiu shower but they oso do it .
 eeyer buky la .
 eeyer if pause can see his kukujiao !
 eeyer ,  disgusting sia ,  where was it uploaded ?
 eeyer the picture very erxin leh . 
 eeyer means mouldy and fermented liao .
 eeyer say until liddat like damn disgusting sia  .
 eeyer moi reading this while eating lunch leh .  
 eeyer ,  their bodies all badly burnt liao still need to cremate like burn twice liddat .
 remember ,  chop chop everything quickly so chiu dont get timeout .
 need chop chop finish one .
 on arrival both split up chop chop run their errands .
 tomorrow i chop chop go there and ask them gtfo .
 most hdb agents would like to just close deals chop chop but most of the time is seller dont budge .
 really is chop chop fast game .
 sinkie guys da best ,  all just do work chop chop then go home liao . 
 it will be chop chop rather than waste time arguing .
 well done pap ,  fixed a problem chop chop .
 i bet the approval was chop chop .
 time &apos;s up ,  chop chop go home .
 chop chop get out before 9am .
 cleaning up oso very fast chop chop done .
 tell sinkies chop chop take vaccines .
 chop chop 5 minute deal liao .
 always chop chop clean then lock up .
 chop chop kalipok deliver the verdict ,  pay the court fine and close case .
 doesnt take long ,  chop chop go sim lim square tonight .
 most people just find their own lots to chope ,  usually at odd locations or higher floors .
 they chope seat using tissue paper or other stuff .
 go chope one and bring home before march .
 i chope table in person since hubby is queuing to buy food .
 never chope seat with tissue cos i seldom eat at peak hours at hawker .
 i dont chope seat ,  i stand and eat .
 i choped with a large trolley but a middle aged guy was too blind to see .
 i jiak alone and off peak so no chope .
 i want to chope first .
 it’s ok la ,  he didn’t chope a prime lot since he parked at level 4 .
 that girl must be an obedient slut to stand there chope slot for her bf .
 i want to chope this one .
 so cannot chope table liao .
 everyone wants to chope their beds in icu .
 so fast can chope next week &apos;s slot .
 how about nominating tissue paper to chope seat in food centres to the unesco world heritage ?
 high class restaurant still need to ownself chope tables ?
 chiu better chope fast .
 bro can chope a seat for me ?
 next time just chope seat lor .
 not like chiu chope few hours in advance or what .
 i oredi put my tissue pack chope liao .
 end up i now oso a bit selfish wanna chope the lot outside my house .
 so ,  people ,  dont listen to all these bulls from the gahmen .
 this is how the gahmen works .
 cos gahment subsidy gao gao ,  confirm cheaper than hiring banglas .
 she working in gahmen ?
 tiagong according to my mom ,  hong kong has no public housing cos their gahment dont like them ,  thats why housing so expensive .
 go overseas spread to other country ,  not gahmen &apos;s dai ji .
 gahment oredi fooled us once ,  but i still see people falling for it again .
 gahmen is always correct  .
 but sinkie gahmen is so stupid they cant see it .
 their gahmen must have printed money like there &apos;s no tomorrow .
 why chiu kpkb about gahmen now .
 this way the gahment will be more proactive in protecting employees jobs .
 this is how the gahment get rich .
 lots of gahmen jobs coming soon in january .
 the gahmen is really bending backwards for foreigners .
 is our gahmen didnt do enough .
 the gahmen will help make it compulsory for the unvaxxed ,  no effort required .
 our gahmen learnt how to successfully control and manipulate sinkies through this pandemic .
 gahment can collect some chicken from the businesses !
 mai geh geh la .
 no need to geikiang .
 i admit sometimes i geikiang with many random knowledge . 
 they so goondu to continue such practice .
 just too bad kena ruled by goondus .
 wear like this look like goondu .
 where got goondu buy expensive car anyhow drive one ?
 oni goondu believe her .
 goondu pap leaders .
 mai goondu leh ,  just screenshot and keep image .
 thats why i say before ,  oni our goondu scholars believe in data blindly .
 so many goondus listen to the marketing gimmicks .
 i think chiu are the goondu one .
 chiu goondu or what ?
 i sit there like goondu .
 sinkies are the dumbest goondus .
 i dont drive grab but i think even grab driver knows more than a goondu like chiu .
 very easy to know who is the goondu here .
 then gostan when the situation deteriorates ?
 tap brake and gostan ?
 still can gostan though .
 his car got stuck ,  cannot go up the slope ,  he had to gostan and try a few times .
 some screeners really guailan .
 the boomer uncle guailan .
 got that guailan face but i think he &apos;s quite friendly la .
 go engage those ahbeng debt collectors to harass him ,  see if he dares to guailan them in person or not .
 guailan kia illegal park still argue .
 simi sai oso didnt accomplish still want to guailan ,  obviously she doesnt have the mental strength to make it .
 that younger guy tiagong quite guailan and looks like he just woke up during every zoom or teams call .
 gangster behavior from staff ,  sibei guailan .
 from the video can see the small one damn guailan .
 i believe she seriously have some mental problems and not guailan on purpose like the sovereign lady .
 ts took the vaccine himself so he confirm want to guailan people that didnt want to take the vaccine .
 at home shaking head at the guailan reporters .
 i guess this is karma for being so guailan .
 she really very guailan siol .
 the original branch the staff there sibei guailan .
 time for him to get some tattoos ,  go in and be guailan to the inmates .
 ask this kind of guailan question .
 that time handphone no internet .
 handphone battery are getting long enough to last more than a day .
 most likely handphone oso cannot have liao .
 it &apos;s tied to your handphone and nric .
 use handphone take photo video of chiu .
 what kind of handphone shop ,  those ahbengs one ah ?
 what handphone are chiu using ?
 oni the humji will go vax .
 the malaysian boat come over oni ,  the navy oso humji simi lanjiao oso dont dare to do .
 want talk then say ,  don’t be humji kia .
 malaysians not humji like stinkies .
 not going to give him another chance to be a humji kia .
 wish i dared ,  but moi humji . 
 why chiu want to gamble yet so humji ?
 after one week ,  will have another powerful variant then pap will humji and lock down again .
 must be humji in real life so go online write essays .
 they know that sinkies are humji .
 alot of people once inside that ballot box ,  humji ,  still put a tick for white dogs .
 whether they humji or not has nothing to do with why chiu were implying that vaccines did not work .
 been encouraging other friends to donate but all humji or dont fit the criteria .
 as expected ,  this bloody humji guy ,  cycled off and continue his offensive hand gestures .
 but i am extreme humji ,  fastest i go is 95-100 km/h ,  then i let go accelerator liao .
 cause i humji i admit i humji .
 as usual ,  humji gahment dare not touch what’s really critical but oni want to attack minority group .
 this humji gahment will have no choice but start dealing with vax people very soon .
 kumgong and humji sinkies song boh ?
 very humji oso .
 they humji might as well dont post .
 overall we are just too humji to report the number to the public and afraid that public will go panic with the current numbers .
 the oni reason i haven’t jump down is i too humji to jump .
 it’s sinkies that are humji .
 i noticed its chinese trait to be sharp inside ,  humji outside .
 too humji to even start a cai png stall ,  let alone a ride hailing company .
 dont humji and later abandon the plan ok .
 he too humji to play greek freak more minutes .
 in real life he is humji kia .
 singapore authorities too civilized and humji liao .
 sinkie mostly humji kia dont dare one la .
 he fully vax why so humji ?
 humji gahment oni bullies the citizens .
 heng we are safe here .
 heng manufacturing still can operate if not my company no parts to process .
 heng ah we got pap .
 heng moi prepared for the next wave liao . 
 heng ,  i never book !
 heng i got shelter all the way to all food place .
 heng i dont support crave and may never will .
 heng i never travel overseas for 6 years oredi ,  no such problem .
 heng i went europe in dec 2018 before the covid and all the asian hate crimes .
 heng i order food online .
 heng someone understands me .
 sim people find job is really see heng suay oni .
 if dont drop back to championship heng liao .
 end up have to follow zhenghu instructions .
 waseh so suay car break down ,  so heng bus and mrt empty .
 heng i dont have wife ,  sister ,  gf .
 heng i oni trust straits times .
 heng ah ,  my unit havent call me up yet
 heng moi not planning to have children .
 heng got company insurance .
 heng i order fast ,  scared later run low on supplies like last time again .
 heng moi no like instant noodles .
 heng i dont drive ,  no worries on this .
 very heng my kids all girls .
 sibei heng i accepted the job offer that i dont like .
 going for vaccination will definitely put one at side effect risks ,  heng or suay ,  hard to say .
 those with small spaces ,  honggan liao .
 means whole lot honggan oredi .
 honggan la this has been happening for dunno how long liao .
 knn jialat today honggan cannot go out liao .
 honggan liao ,  everyday so many mati .
 wa this guy honggan liao .
 honggan liao ,  tomorrow will probably reach 4000 .
 means those who get him in early all honggan liao !
 if everyone think like chiu ,  wait til cannot breath then go for covid test then singapore honggan liao !
 really honggan liao this time  .
 once your status is unvaccinated ,  means chiu are honggan ,  no excuse . 
 later they know korean and speak with chiu then chiu honggan liao .
 but chiu do too many times boss will become suspicious and check then chiu honggang gg liao .
 if the guy try to force her ,  she report police she got raped ,  he honggan liao .
 too many unlinked cases ,  honggan liao .
 unless all their systems linked and automated then really honggan .
 honggan ah cb useless gahment import the india variant .
 cannot choose means honggan liao .
 those who are not software engineers with coding background honggan ?
 if you &apos;re an unvaccinated tourist and come into singapore ,  sure honggan !
 this one macam like hollywood production .
 chiu say until like macam chiu wanna die liddat .
 is jin scary sia ,  cant imagine if e-robots go out of control ,  macam like e-dinosaurs from jurassic park sial .
 but everytime see him like very happy macam cheerleader liddat .
 scholar &apos;s ns macam holiday camp .
 anthony davis macam made of paper liddat .
 the typical girl wear make-up gao gao sibei chio ,  take out oni macam pontianak ?
 she very good at slurping ,  macam slurp ramen liddat sia the sound .
 siala this jamus talk like macam storytelling session sia .
 macam pap survey ,  so rigged .
 fierce sia ,  macam volcanic eruption . 
 his running macam like dancing .
 why chiu macam like take it so personal ?
 lockdown macam like no lockdown .
 she talking cock macam like pap minister .
 wa this one macam like segregated toilets for different races in the 1950s sia .
 jamus and leon speeches macam like economics lecture .
 set up apple pay ,  then can use my phone to pay for anything macam paywave liddat .
 is macam like popeye the sailor man .
 the face outline macam like cresent shape  .
 macam some of the people who confront boomers on not wearing masks .
 he was lying on the road macam going to faint .
 playing football ,  i kick the free kick macam beckham .
 yesterday moi jiak italian restaurant .
 walan i oni got money jiak saizeriya .
 well done best way to jiak steak .
 i new year eve jiak cai png . 
 the medicine i jiak usually dont have so much side effects . 
 went once just to bring my relatives to try ,  gosh really cant bring myself to go there jiak on a regular basis as a local .
 a true soulmate will accept the guy invitation and bring bf along and jiak buffet happily together .
 not as if ask chiu take fish direct from toxic water and then jiak .
 the more chiu scared the more he will jiak chiu .
 not say very expensive but is jin ho jiak if chiu can stand the milky taste .
 i dont sarporks any side ,  just sit back ,  jiak popcorn and enjoy show nia .
 during breakfast i just spam butter and kaya on normal bread and jiak . 
 heng i no longer jiak ice cream .
 my dad dont jiak sashimi but jiak the yusheng .
 think older gen usually no jiak raw stuff .
 even medium rare steak dont dare to jiak .
 tiagong the attrition rate in my place quite jialat .
 very jialat meh ?
 this year standard really jialat .
 vaccinated person can still kena but results not so jialat .
 election today they sure lose until jialat .
 heng i got dehumidifier so not very jialat .
 the parking scan qr code thingy really jialat ,  recently high failure rate again .
 good luck to ts and all others that experience or going to experience this sibei jialat after effect of vaccination .
 just saw the news on channel 8 i think he really jialat liao .
 he will kena jialat jialat to make an example out of him .
 why their mindset so jialat ?
 walan that one more jialat than this one .
 the situation there so jialat oredi .
 even at home the boss will call and ask about work ,  really jialat .
 her mental health so jialat i think she cant handle .
 moi oso tio one sibei jialat flu and fever for 2 weeks .
 pap dying to open up yet countries around us jialat how ?
 your taste jialat .
 the girl kena traumatised jialat jialat .
 cold green bean taste good no matter how jialat squashed .
 didn’t know marvel standard drop until so jialat .
 i oni know i kena tekan jialat jialat .
 got so many advanced economies ,  but die die want to jio developing countries .
 chiu ask yourself when chiu jio a friend out to eat at eateries ,  do chiu ask them  &apos;eh chiu vaccinated &apos; ?
 friends jio me eat hdl every day ,  after that go macs supper .
 they jio to eat ,  not force to eat mah .
 now she wanna jio me go hunt again .
 everytime jiak good food bo jio .
 he want to jio his chio bu intern out for drinks and dinner .
 i have jio a few edmwers out for a discussion ,  so far none have taken up my offer .
 then he likes to jio another local indian colleague go drink and tea break .
 faster jio liao mai tu liao .
 even lying on hospital bed i oso tried to jio nurse .
 once chiu guys more comfortable ,  jio her out .
 thats why ktv girls harder to jio .
 why dont want try club and jio girl .
 why chiu never jio him in the first place ?
 they go pang jio pang sai .
 then this sibei hardcore runner jio me go run .
 alot of times ,  the girls will oso jio or ask their circle of friends to meet up and drink together .
 my friend jio me buy itoto .
 how i know who is the chio xmm that chiu wanted to jio .
 time to jio friends go jiak steamboat liao .
 i jio chiu out and chiu pay ?
 moi scare if jio people out they kena covid .
 sometimes weekend jio him come out eat oso cannot ,  need to work .
 me no moolah to jio .
 hope can jio my siam bu eat mookata .
 why chiu go marina square bo jio .
 bo jio me lim kopi ?
 next time they wont jio chiu go lunch liao .
 i will grind both karchng .
 inside your cow &apos;s karchng isit ? 
 use hand wipe karchng sai then use same hand eat .
 by the way ,  your father oso complained chiu always played with his karchng hole .
 calvin cheng ,  your karchng song boh ?
 she piak piak herself la by slapping her own karchng onto the door .
 didnt know he like to touch karchng .
 moi always touch touch moi karchng .  
 dont kaypoh la .
 chiu so kaypoh for what ?
 she &apos;s a typical kaypoh auntie .
 need charge all the kaypohs for breaching safe distancing . 
 why chiu come in kaypoh ?
 i think the hyundai kena sabo by kaypoh passenger .
 can’t do own part well still want kaypoh others .
 i parked my car nearby cos we stay nearby and my dad wants to kaypoh .
 why this oyk so kaypoh still talking about reopening travel ?
 why the aunt so kaypoh siol ?
 problem is with those kaypoh who peek into their window .
 therefore moi stand is still problem lies with kaypoh peoples ,  not with the resident .
 chatty and kaypoh but not malicious .
 my question is why so kaypoh ask these kind of bo liao question ?
 why so many people so kaypoh one huh ?
 will chiu kaypoh and ask people to put on their mask ?
 unless got those cb kaypoh anyhow take photo/video .
 lazy to read but want to kaypoh .
 student kisiao again ?
 i think chiu are too fascinated with him liao till kisiao .
 she kisiao after brother die .
 i think the notification system of smrt kisiao liao .
 sounds like a shortcut to kisiao .
 i stayed there for 60 days want kisiao .
 many people going to kisiao liao .
 either chiu siao lang or tio covid until kisiao .
 dont be surprised if someone around chiu snapped and kisiao .
 if too controlling the kid might kisiao and avoid parent next time .
 moi going kisiao from trying to find her .
 even if the jab wont protect chiu 100% from the virus ,  it will prevent chiu from getting paranoid and kisiao .
 stay in those inner rooms without view for so many months will go kisiao . 
 if moi oso will go kisiao everyday liddat .
 i guess it &apos;s time i kisiao so i can be locked up in there .
 what if the buddy kisiao and kill or injure the other fella ?
 then when the kids go kisiao ,  they oni know how to play blame game with moe .
 the bot will kisiao then start planning to enslave humans like in the matrix .
 just pretend to kisiao when they force chiu to go .
 after ns ,  i worked full-time in factories and then studied part-time at night schools for my dip ,  degree and master for 8 whole years until i kisiao .
 asked and kena rejected .
 i really hope he and the wife kena karma .
 alot of us guys kena way more verbal ,  mental and emotional abuse during our times in ns loh .
 he kena abandoned in the wild liao  .
 i thought airport kena terrorist attack ,  but was told by local that it is normal . 
 chiu think those asians kena whacked by blacks are all chinese ?
 most people dont even know that they kena dengue .
 and then kena high covid cases and get ban by other countries .
 heng i never kena .
 wa the father kena hurt so badly then turn gay ar ?
 last year oni the elderly kena ,  now age group getting younger and younger .
 which minsiter will so suay to be the first to kena covid  ?
 chiu wont know chiu kena ,  the body dont show the symptoms .
 bro i sure last time he kena toto or 4d and use that money to buy the 2nd car to pick up girls .
 the boy probably took some vitamin pills or something thats why kena chest problem .
 looks like fully vaccinated still kena loss of taste/smell is not rare .
 how come my company nobody kena one ?
 chiu all kena trolled by him .
 why do chiu think he kena pushed to east coast ?
 vaccinated but still kena means what ?
 i got to agree on this ,  in my honest opinion if local make noise 2 time sure kena charge le and remanded .
 which type of kopi chiu want ?
 no leh i saw him at geylang kopitiam lim jiu .
 it can happen anywhere ,  kopitiam ,  barber shop etc .
 singapore can jiak dinner walk walk drink kopi or even supper .
 please call me if chiu need kopi boy .
 overpriced kopi and roti .
 likely to have years of supplies of kopi for him .
 how long can they force chiu to lim kopi ?
 used to have kopitiam selling nice fishball noodle ,  nice wanton mee ,  cheap chicken rice .
 i guess this is karma ,  slip over his own kopi .
 chiu all havent meet those kopitiam uncle .
 run out of kopi at home ?
 just relak and drink kopi and enjoy .
 yeah sometimes i go there to lim kopi after having meals nearby .
 by the way is there anything nice to jiak at that kopitiam ?
 the kopi there is good too .
 bo lang lim kopi ?
 where got kopi $2 ?
 go coffee shop la kopi with friends
 she got kukujiao one ,  what would chiu do ?
 help chop off the kukujiao .
 ask him go thailand to cut his kukujiao .
 faster hide all the kukujiaos !
 they keep asking me how big is my kukujiao never ask me about money leh .
 not sure can put my kukujiao inside when erected .
 i see the title of the thread my kukujiao hard liao .
 show chiu kukujiao to her .
 those with kukujiao issue likely kena std nothing to do with the jab leh bro .
 some of them are lurking in the toilet peaking at your kukujiao when chiu go to urine .
 kukujiao still can stand ?
 moi wan to suck their kukujiao .
 the hacker demand bitcoin if not say will leak my kukujiao photos .
 i come in to offer kukujiao to chop if we qualify for world cup in 2034 .
 even if the guy kukujiao small but with car i oso will choose him le .
 why chiu rubbed chiu kukujiao on her ?
 think my kukujiao can talk better than him .
 after vaccinated kukujiao become bigger and harder ?
 i think my kukujiao can cover her face . 
 i is scared kukujiao stand up .
 i let chiu play my kukujiao .
 is he the lao funker who keeps sexposing his kukujiao to his tenant ?
 ya lor he look like walking with a 30kg kukujiao .
 who click into this thread main thing is to see him stroking kukujiao ?
 this is good example of letting kukujiao think for chiu !
 moi is gotch an even easier way out for chiu .
 my common sense is telling moi that either chiu is cui reader or chiu is deliberately deceitful in chiur claim .
 chiu might as well say healthy no need vac  ?
 been waiting 10 years for chiu to reply moi .
 chiu is trying to be cute or funny ?
 or chiu is asking a rhetorical question ?
 or chiu is having a time travel problem ?
 so chiu is gotch learn the lesson here ?
 chiu is can thank moi later .
 cos chiur question is cui .
 chiu study cmi so chiu hire tutor to help improve study .
 chiu no understand what moi saying .
 means she is horny liao want chiu to piak her .
 the more attention chiu give them ,  the more they fight back .
 faster jump off the boat if chiu can .
 chiu all donno how to read is it ?
 chiu are still very young right ?
 how did chiur son fare ?
 what subject did chiu teach ?
 chiu should be grateful to me oks !
 chiu praise them ,  doesnt mean they like chiu .
 base on the votes chiu know this is bullshit .
 chiu oso took 2 hours . 
 what talking chiu ?
 chiu not supposed to expose this !
 i am getting that oso .
 dtl is new oso can down .
 they oso know will have huge infection if lots of people coming to see the final .
 now outside oso crowded .
 he work at redhill area ,  take public transport long ,  drive car oso not much difference .
 moi one person oso earn 5 figure .
 anyway until now i still cannot take the doses ,  just consulted my company doctor he oso asked me to siam .
 i oso dont bother reading when chiu type so much nonsense .
 tbh i oso confused liao .
 an anti-vax person can oso be oredi vax .
 our minister is oso proposing to focus more on experience than papers .
 arent chiu oso inferring from the conversation to come to your conclusion ?
 sinkieland society oso do not support same sex marriage oso .
 he probably oso get unemployment benefits in australia .
 do chiu think they will oso close down like robinson ?
 technically the top floor of a hdb oso penthouse .
 yes i am oso clearing leave so its ok .
 depend on your rank and oso ministry or agency .
 holland league jin kelong oso lorl .
 chiu see how he trolling oso know he &apos;s not doctor .
 even heart problem oso cant detect .
 doctors are oso human .
 or like your workplace maybe chiu see a girl but is from another department and chiu dunno her at all chiu oso just approach her ?
 asics oso good .
 i briefly read on it oso .
 play game oso same de right .
 i oso watched gintama .
 its oso highly inappropriate if he is using his position of power in this #metoo environment .
 she changes boyfriend and it is still not chiu then come here broadcast for what ?
 go uniqlo probably can find similar pieces ,  perhaps chiu can go there hoot the clothes before going on chiur 2nd date .
 start business is a failure recipe to let chiu lose all chiur savings .
 chiu not happy with his plan ?
 can think that chiu got angmo blood since they oso cannot jiak spicy . 
 chiu must be merdeka or boomer gen ,  still old traditional thinking .
 moi came in thinking chiu bump into something else .
 just do la ,  chiu will oni regret not doing earlier
 they probably want to check if chiur color is healthy .
 chiu still earn money many many .
 she wants to move forward to next stage with chiu .
 but are chiu oso a siao lang deep inside ?
 he interested in chiu .
 what chiu think ?
 whatever chiu wan jiak .
 if chiu dont want to make sacrifice ,  then chiu must make others pay for the problems .
 price will up gao gao until chiu try to withdraw then problem .
 chiu were the main characters of those stories ?
 are chiu a degree holder ?
 not trolling chiu ,  but moi got write before in written test that moi is an avid reader of hardwarezone in my pastime/hobbies section of the essay .
 where and how chiu meet your wife ?
 then whose validation are chiu looking for ,  if not your hubby &apos;s ?
 how chiu these 2 days ?
 chiu gotch xray for free in singapore before ?
 chiu gotch guts .
 chiu wont understand one .
 chiu try and let us know .
 why chiu cannot sleep ?
 miss chiu kawaii face .
 need license to operate anot ?
 the rest is depends on one &apos;s personal conviction whether to sue under civil rights anot .
 is see whether chiu heng anot .
 dunno if the situation improve oredi anot .
 others in our region got increase anot .
 problem is do the best want sinkieland anot .
 serious anot ?
 serving army considered civil serpent anot ?
 sure anot dey ?
 but did we enjoy the fruit anot ?
 he will organize tutorials on zoom anot ?
 chiu wanna see my results see accurate anot ?
 what about a&w few months back alot people queue still got alot now anot ?
 got sneak preview anot ?
 eh by the way meet the people sessions resumed oredi anot ?
 not sure will be crowded anot since its a ph .
 so the other talents still want to resign or stay ?
 dunno if the sms is a scam anot .
 i reading this wrong anot ?
 chiu got take supplement anot ?
 they hired that malay cause he is suitable for the job ,  they didnt even consider whether he will blend in anot .
 does he still want chiu to become the chief in future anot ?
 now still have anot ah ?
 chiu think he be able to go back anot ?
 anyhow just bomb stats nia ,  true anot nobody know .
 actually is personal choice whether to give anot la ,  nobody will judge chiu ,  oni chiu will know .
 so just agar-agar report what they can .
 i agar-agar calculated before the area size .
 cos we oredi agar-agar know what is going to happen .
 left agar-agar 10% population unvaccinated .
 i thought most just agar-agar see how many internships chiu have ,  your intern role relevant to job chiu applied for anot then go see the skills section see got any relevant skills in the bullet point .
 at least i oredi agar-agar know how chiu look like liao .
 price agar-agar the same with few dollars diff .
 bro ,  chiu need to agar-agar .
 i go overseas see their local tv oso know agar-agar their celebs .
 for me agar-agar can oredi .
 agar-agar know is which one .
 actually if chiu can sing chinese songs ,  means your standard agar-agar there oredi .
 so i &apos;ll know how to agar-agar manage the cable when  install .
 can agar-agar breakdown cost of living  ?
 oso agar-agar oni right ?
 to all the singles above 40 ,  do yall still receive angpows ?
 angpow inside how much ?
 if chiu feel not worth it ,  upon arrival at the venue there is still time for chiu all to open up the angpow and take back some money what .
 my car plate strike 4d before ,  then every cny ,  the same relative will said why your angpow so little .
 but of course dont expect big angpow hor .
 chiu prepare angpow for the buffet liao ?
 will she get any angpow ?
 i hope next year my boss can give me angpow for cny .
 means chiu oni visit cos of angpow ,  but without angpow chiu wont visit .
 cny angpow is not a bonus ,  is a gift .
 let chiu collect angpow first .
 tiagong will botak before 35 .
 so confirmed chiu are botak liao like one edmwer said .
 is it the steak house by the botak 18chefs guy ?
 some guys botak look very creepy especially if facial features sharpness none .
 if balding ,  go style it ,  or wear wig or plant hair or go botak .
 lucky i botak forever .
 alot of angmo botak here at the sports bar .
 i oso waiting for chiu to be botak .
 very soon chiu will be botak one .
 then cut botak for what ?
 if sinkie botak ,  either he nsf or convict or monk .
 nobody laugh or make fun of his botak but during gathering ,  he will ownself joke about his botak .
 why  boys or man living at the same space need to shave botak ?
 decide now or chiu will definitely be botak .
 and he wear a turtle neck ,  really look like turtle with his botak head .
 sinkie botak look like recruit .
 obvious that the husband jealous of the dog ,  and wants it to be botak so that wife will love him more than dog . 
 then chiu can tell zhabor chiu workout too much thats why became botak .
 from botak can have hair back ,  chiu see elon musk .
 this type confirm no one will talk to him .
 if its released through streaming confirm very fast can climb .
 his murder charge confirm will drop .
 this one confirm extinct .
 means this year end confirm zero .
 confirm will have guys who still idolize wan marry them .
 confirm not from india leh .
 wa he confirm jin happy someome remember him .
 confirm married before 30 la .
 confirm crush my face one .
 this one confirm edmwer .
 tonight they confirm do raw liao .
 somemore the tv confirm need to ownself carry home ,  need to find transport .
 this kind confirm clean shaven one .
 confirmed will not tio retrenched but may tio covid .
 then confirm not chio bu liao .
 confirm super long queue as alot people not cooking at home too .
 bladder oso confirm not as strong .
 confirm will have ceca to hire her .
 confirm no cartel ,  cos gahment said so .
 uncle see me so cham belanja me .
 nabei knn tio con by her ,  thought belanja me eat good thing .
 i belanja chiu eat beef noodle .
 just treat it as the army belanja your dinner lor after attending ipt every evening .
 people belanja me makan ,  cannot be ask them send to my house right .
 this one i dont eat even if chiu belanja me .
 thanks for belanja moi nice makan and kopi .
 she belanja me eat free i oredi very happy and blessed .
 i got my cert 25 years ago and havent entered a kayak since then .
 cos being a stewardess do not need very high qualifications ,  just standard o-level or n-level cert can liao .
 unless chiu can mandate that every tourist carries a vaccination cert and is willing to produce it on demand .
 no marriage cert oso cannot lock him down .
 school can ask parents show their psle cert at school .
 one day a vaccine cert become more powerful than what poly or degree certificate .
 ask them whether cert is genuine or fake .
 hello excuse me i have sinkieland birth cert ok ?
 siao the cert so ex .
 in order to apply for bto ,  must have rom cert or else cannot get keys .
 moi cher say this year crypto will rise .
 female cher can be biantai too .
 my cher says to stay away from drugs and dont get influence by peer pressure .
 but i didnt know the sound was heard by my cher and many superheroes in the school .
 tell your cher she dunnid to work so hard oso .
 moi oredi reached school ,  talked to all moi friends and classmates ,  but moi cher say no evidence i was in school ,  will reflect me as absent .
 sometimes i write in traditional chinese unknowingly kena cher scold .
 go ask your cher for advise .
 this cher by the way is a hod .
 then cher will change tactic and start questioning the errant student . 
 last time cher ask me sit beside a boy teach him maths .
 moi cher say japan will sink eventually one day .
 after lunch ,  cher ask another class to play musical chairs with us .
 bet most of my cher dont even notice me .
 my eng cher teached me so i understanded oredi .
 previously ,  the quality of treatment there really cui .
 so sinkies last ten years is sibei cui global competitiveness leh .
 entire defence totally cui .
 why sinkieland parents so cui need to rely on maid .
 their variety shows oso very cringy and the host oso sibei cui .
 cui until can lose to war torn palestine and other 3rd world countries .
 can speak angmo but grammar oso cui ,  written angmo is lagi cui .
 ya its damn cui .
 but want to use till cuiz ,  iphone still the best .
 just now is pitch cui now is ball never pump .
 moi engrish is most cui .
 the battery oso cui .
 basically trying to say not they cui but their requirements high .
 spain really cui hope they get kicked out fast .
 box was cui ,  item was scratch and used ,  obvious signs of repair by the look of all the screws .
 ajax really cui cannot score against bottom team .
 these look even more cui .
 cui reading comprehension spotted !
 her technical is damn cui .
 is always the cui one .
 alot of the openings very cui one ,  and no guarantee of conversion to perm .
 of all beautiful things i &apos;ve seen ,  she &apos;s the most cui one ,  both looks and characteristics .
 i think my metabolism cui liao .
 mine was bumpy oso ,  the clutch and brake timing sibei cui .
 yup ,  cui to chiu may not be cui to other people .
 cui or not ,  this is the taste of my childhood .
 pay starting out oredi below average for uni fresh grad ,  worse is the increment oso cui .
 samsung last time wan charge me 250 .
 i dont wan voucher mah i wan my food .
 chiu wan presidential suite bo .
 everything thing oso wan to follow us .
 think he wan to score points with his boss la .
 like chiu wan deploy 1 website got a few steps .
 i wan a share too .
 anyway wonder why they wan come fron such a cold place to our scorching hot place .
 please help explode the numbers ,  moi wan work from home .
 not easy i know but if chiu wan should be can . 
 i dont want to merry her ,  just wan to pcc .
 chiu wan photo from where ?
 sorry please be realistic ,  chiu wan happiness  ,  work until last day on earth and hopefully clear the debt .
 i just wan flat tummy like sec 2 boy body .
 i oso wan do it .
 moi wan to question her .
 zehzeh wan chat with siao lang anot ?
 they will tell chiu see which cca wan take in your kids .
 i wan to be the dog .
 i oni wan to marry 2d waifu .
 no wonder chiu wan see what happen to me .
 these days ,  too sweet people dont wan to buy .
 chiu wan cut hair ?
 i oso wan sugar daddy . 
 i wan to date mai senpai .  
 chiu wan simi type oso can  .
 why still wan this wan that .
 chiu wan to split whose banana ?
 those who wan faster stop by .
 i wan to be her reindeer and let her ride me . 
 why liddat wan ar ?
 chiu can believe what chiu wan to believe  .
 yet chiu wan to pour all your hard earned cash to one bu that one day may run off with your money find more handsome guys and enjoy life with them .
 dont wan my house to feel like datacenter .
 if chiu dont wan kids anymore ,  can explore vasectomy .
 these days all wan to have car .
 i dont wan share le .
 moi wan log out oso dont allow .
 i wan her to play chinese chess with me !
 i dont wan distract him can ?
 the coach still dont wan sub out daniel .
 cause she dont wan to let this tikopei piak .
 got queue die die must join .
 they like die die want him to come back in 2025 hor ? 
 they must die die include sinkieland as comparison lorl .
 means that he die die oso wont go back to india .
 why so many vaccines die die must be made using the new method leh ?
 he die die think that he is not wrong .
 no wonder us die die wont allow other countries to use huawei equipment .
 cannot come up with any reasonable argument against the aussie but still die die want to ridicule him .
 die die dont want to live humble life .
 think the question to ask should be why die die must let him into parliament through back door despite his one time historic aljunied loss .
 we were much better before the delta ,  until someone die die must open the gate for ceca to come in .
 if die die must get job now ,  then future graduates how ?
 tell them dont go cruise die die must go cruise .
 i know some companies die die disallow .
 some places may have other means if people do not have a working app but some places do not have other means oni die die must use app .
 some battles die die must fight .
 now finally see angmo version liao ,  die die must hoot .
 die die they dont wan answer his questions  .
 gout but he die die still drink beer
 i &apos;ll oni offer to do that if i know got something urgent happening that period but i die die still want to go overseas .
 if die die no choice .
 thats why die die last year must hold election .
 even if the teacher dont recommend parent die die still insist  .
 so why die die wan everyone to jab ?
 cos all the national coach appointed die die must use fandi sons by default  .
 why die die must stay here let pap chop chiu all up into pieces ?
 screw those orgs that die die must collect personal data but get hacked cos they know the fine is peanuts .
 the chio bu ask the doctor to examine her down there to check the health isit ?
 not quite sure where isit leh .
 bro chiu fail every comprehension exam in pri school isit ?
 that person thinks fb is the oni social media isit ?
 wa isit just me ,  or the text size suddenly increased .
 by their logic so the host country is cannot win any medals one isit ?
 just give birth isit ?
 they think they are in power isit ?
 never see women before isit ?
 zero case isit no test no case .
 moi want to take leh ,  isit hard to pass now ?
 chiu all short term memory isit ?
 chiu started the game late isit .
 chiu dunno how to read ,  isit ?
 chiu want to be the first to comment and get most likes isit ?
 walan ,  your eyes got stamp isit ?
 this is the fries from amsterdam isit ?
 this guy isit ?
 why ,  isit chiu want to lim ?
 why the driver &apos;s face so red isit asian flush ? 
 chiu got constipation isit ?
 why chiu dont dare isit ?
 the father no contribution to the family isit ?
 malu but don’t care ,  got money i just take .
 if chiu are knowledgeable enough chiu should know how the world works and what is there to be malu about .
 someone of her calibre and statute i think no competitor wants to malu himself herself to compete against our current mother of the nation .
 won’t malu us on world stage .
 very malu for the big man .
 lucky moi not there ,  sure kena tekan and malu .
 ts ar ,  when your reading comprehension of engrish cmi ,  please dont malu yourself by misquoting angmo news articles .
 will be sibei malu if the boy spread it to others .
 they have plenty of incentive to not malu themselves .
 dunno who is the malu one .
 nothing too malu people get rejected all the time .
 maybe cannot really disclose ,  else malu the party more .
 if they want to malu him ,  i think they would have done it oredi .
 dont want malu wait i peng san after the ride .
 really is jin malu .
 sibei malu until cannot malu .
 who dare to malu the gahment by not applying for license ?
 malu to the max !
 dont malu yourself la please .
 i oso seldom play table ,  cos scared dunno the rules then malu .
 meanwhile have to tahan poked in the nose twice .
 chiu can tahan staying in sinkieland forever without overseas ah .
 could chiu tahan every week waste at least 4 hours stuck in the jam to and from jb ?
 end up my mother buay tahan ,  walk up floor by floor .
 truth is i cannot tahan a house that is untidy .
 so far ,  sinkies seem to be able to tahan covid pretty well compared to neighbouring countries .
 i will be staying alone ,  and i am not sure if i can tahan staying with another stranger if i decided to rent the common bedroom out .
 chiu all can tahan no monthly income ?
 i cannot tahan his jiao bin face .
 every month my bills so high i oso can’t tahan and with covid the more need to drop .
 how she tahan so long ?
 cannot tahan the wait oredi .
 i dunno how chiu tahan him .
 bring her to hawker centre for 3 yearrs then if she can tahan then should be quite safe .
 some more their country so small ,  probably like one of our housing estate ,  dunno how they tahan .
 can i ask ,  how come her shorts so tiny ,  wapiang beh tahan .
 i stay hdb ,  condominium ,  landed then buay tahan move back condominium .
 changi airport and sia cannot tahan liao .
 if buay tahan go restaurant lor .
 i oni have 1 next door neighbour i buay tahan .
 just tahan a bit more .
 wanna earn money via social media ,  yet cannot tahan criticisms and negative comments .
 better to remain and tahan .
 one day ,  i buay tahan ask him .
 me buay tahan liao .
 yup i complained to the hr ,  hr said just tahan ,  work is liddat .
 how can he tahan so long ?
 hang around as long as chiu can tahan ,  and think hard about what chiu want to do next .
 healthcare buay tahan liao isit ?
 i sit down ,  those behind moi sure buay tahan
 chiu stay liao sure kena tekan jialat jialat until they found replacement .
 those guailan instructors for sure dare not tekan him .
 have chiu ever seen pap tekan other countries ?
 pap gahmen jin satki use tekan method to force sinkies comply .
 in other words chiu oni tekan the poor .
 no need to tekan or treat them like a second class citizen .
 my platoon kena tekan deep deep by pc for one week cos of theft case during bmt .
 i hope pap can double down on their effort to tekan sinkies into total obedience and submission .
 that was most comforting to me after being tekan for almost a week in the army .
 nice way to tekan your town council .
 i remember got 1 officer in the movie very fierce always tekan people .
 so they have reason to tekan and blame chiu while not admitting their mistake .
 ok means havent think of ways to tekan sinkies further yet .
 regulars just waiting to tekan people oni everyday .
 boss take every opportunity to tekan chiu .
 why tekan yourself ah .
 see angmo bui bui kena tekan til jialat jin sad . 
 ironically using your own money to tekan yourself .
 i had friends who were tekan when they were in lower sec then do the same when they were able to .
 they just wanna tekan those unvaxxed individuals .
 i always say they oni dare tekan sinkie .
 play rank and tekan nsf to do the job for chiu .
 tekan chiu jialat jialat .
 he tekan me for 30 minutes but in the end ,  investigation officer eyes turned watery when i told him the facts .
 if not some power crazy beng will tekan them just cos .
 when in the first place chiu dont piak ,  chiu wear or no wear oso wont tio daiji .
 should have good lawyer and tio fine nia .
 he tio terminated when number of people complained him to hr .
 i thought report says vacinated people can tio covid ?
 once tio burn ,  then will realize .
 when school open ,  primary schools students will tio cos they no vaccine yet .
 wait until chiu tio first .
 if chiu heng chiu might tio a 5/10 average girl .
 either chiu vaccinate or chiu wait to tio ba .
 last time got one tio exposed on here oso .
 or else tio fark jialat jialat by the public .
 sit on top of bus ,  open air more ventilation wont tio covid .
 yeah tio detained by isa just to siam reservist .
 sadly i confirm tio rejected .
 australia bubble oso tio jinx .
 how many people tio whack by fan blades in a year ?
 still can find new girl to bear his kids even after tio caught .
 he come back sinkieland tio charge again in court how ?
 oni downside is high chance to tio funny disease .
 tomorrow see ole tio sack liao impossible now still no sack .
 she tio covid she will probably die anyway .
 i am sorry but the motorcyclist is the one actually tio sabo by ah pek .
 some people want to tio covid first then get vaccinated .
 whole point of vax is to mitigate viral load when tio covid .
 if i am the gahment ,  i will just let them tio and die nia .
 chiu very the sexy
 they are very the chio .
 oh wow your butter consumption seem very the fast wor .
 he very the insensitive .
 your ah mah very the drama sia .
 this post very the sexist leh .
 this kind of xdd probably will do well in life one .
 cougars look for 18 yo xdd wor .
 must see his wife know how to please his xdd or not .
 oh no ,  hope this xdd is ok .
 that xdd is high on drug .
 all xmm and xdd as most said is online savvy or rather go malls .
 actually she can provide free education to a few xdd .
 i kinda think that this clown didnt offer money to ask xdd/xmm follow .
 heng moi oso xdd .
 what if instead of xmm ,  it is a young energetic 20 year old xdd who likes guy ?
 priest dont pollute the minds of our edmw jc xdds .
 this weekend halloween wor ,  all the xdd and xmm will go out play .
 allow jc poly and uni xdd xmm to piak raw and allow polygamy for those who can afford .
 xdd ,  why cant chiu go for dates like a normal person ?
 why chiu take video of xdd in toilet ?
 this xdd is jin jialat ,  of all female clothes ,  he take the primary school uniforms .
 they hire alot of xdd and xmm .
 where the point middle finger xdd ?
 her fans must be those xdd that very long never get to eat meat .
 dats moi advice to xdd xmm .
 oh i just glanced at mirror and a yandao was staring back at me !
 some people think jj lin looks yandao .
 depends if chiu are yandao or not .
 then how the yandao and pretty people show off their faces ?
 yes i learned before ,  let see who will be the first yandao and chio bo will post their photo here .
 i think chiu more yandao than him .
 heng moi more yandao than the 2 men there .
 if chiu are rich yandao ,  the zhabor will auto initiate topic .
 so many comments say they jin yandao .
 not rich not yandao .
 yandao but small pp .
 cos my friends say moi look more yandao nowadays .
 many say i look much more yandao .
 all the young yandao and chio bu actors and actresses all have high moral ethics and values !
 take moi for example ,  im not yandao ,  so no girlfriend lor  .
 yandao not really ,  my looks definitely not my selling point .
 probably trying to see if he is really is yandao or really rich .
 yandao means women love chiu unconditionally .
 chiu must be yandao if they message chiu first .
 think sean connery look yandao leh .
 chiu have girlfriend ,  so chiu are of cos yandao .
 yandao wear what oso yandao .
 excuse moi the definition of yandao is handsome not  &apos;not bad looking &apos; .
 no matter how chio or yandao .
 dont forget javier zanetti oso yandao .
 do chiu find them more yandao ?
 focus on making yourself more yandao and up your sex appeal would be more practical .
 excuse me i am yandao korkor ok .
 yandaos wouldnt want to see a lao zhabor .
 so many yandao actor to choose from .
 not rich and yandao but want beautiful wives .
 yandao doesnt mean anyday can get chio bu oso .
 he kena banned from cmb before for being too yandao .
 wa like this chiu everytime order from here and they keep send wrong chiu can eat free !
 wa chiu oso know his address ?
 wa thats damn good price !
 wa this one moi will pcc to just the caption alone .
 wa messi to leave barca and grealish to join man city for record fee .
 wa this one really respect ,  no need give shit excuses like oredi tried best etc .
 wa buky leh ,  the initial shock i cannot .
 wa i miss that era man .
 wow she jin horny .
 wa chiu friend is those playboy ah ?
 wa this is next level depressing for moi . 
 wa got competition . 
 wa looks good ah . 
 wa bro never thought of that ,  will try this weekend .
 wa chiu go so many places liao ,  chiu can speak thai isit ?
 wa who will expect the apps to be fake sia .
 wa so it was the security guard who step in to save the day .
 wa neighbour no complain meh .
 wa chiu in which industry sia .
 wa chiu know so much of what our actual family situation is like meh  ?
 wa this one see liao oso cannot defend the girl sia .
 wa got so many sensitive people in this forum who cannot take any joke de .
 wa means die die must use their business ar ?
 wa jin jialat .
 wa another cyberbullying thread ah lol .
 wa which girl so lucky get these two high quality choices .
 wa didnt know got such threads .
 wa look nice to jiak .
 wa jin sad news .
 wa this one damn tricky .
 wa it’s amazing how the granny can save up so much .
 wa sei ,  how she convinced others to bank transfer her $1 .
 i still remember the sales agent were yaya papaya .
 when he got a bit of fame and money ,  he became super haolian and yaya .
 one recruiter last time sibei yaya .
 wow very yaya this lady and the guy beside .
 they oredi illegal trespassing still act yaya .
 bro ,  surely those officers will be very yaya papaya attitude .
 he himself never watch season 1 jump in at season 3 ,  dunno wtf is happening still wanna act yaya .
 last time why always yaya threaten us on water ?
 stay condominium de very yaya correct anot ?
 many of them sometimes act yaya papaya .
 no wonder foreigners so yaya now .
 those who yaya will suddenly get heart attacks if they keep up with their bad karma of cursing people .
 he deserves it so yaya papaya .
 tiagong the tiongs dont really like her ,  think she yaya .
 super yaya papaya dont even acknowledge presence of sinkies .
 a very friendly and nice guy ,  not those kind will throw weight around or yaya papaya .
 dont yaya papaya too much .
 the body language is sibei yaya .
 that one is typical zhabor behaviour .
 that siao zhabor think too highly of herself liao ,  sibei disgusting .
 so thats why if chiu see the angmo going after the zhabor chiu want ,  its better to give up .
 capable zhabor will earn their own $$$ ,  not dream of marry rich guy to leech on him .
 last time the zhabor run a bar is wear low cut ,  smile smile at chiu ,  serve chiu drinks ,  be friend friend ,  keep asking chiu and your friends down to spend money .
 my weekends sometimes busy with zhabor .
 maybe the lao zhabor start cult is to gather these people than earned from them ley .
 why zhabor the name and face hidden ah ?
 different zhabor have different underlying motivations .
 i am sure if wanna ask how to chase zhabor ,  chiu sure expert one .
 zhabor are known to cry when kena scolded .
 usually married liao ,  zhabor will become lazy and grow bui .
 actually i saw zhabor oso do !
 chiu kena rejected by sinkie zhabors how many times liao .
 i was at the entrance texting and she was the oni zhabor in the cinema ,  the rest are guys .
 last time in uni do dance activity with zhabor hold her close i couldnt tahan got erection ,  heng i was wearing jeans so cant see .
 even our late ah gong oso says zhabor child bearing age very important .
 all zhabors talk like life ending soon one .
 thats why more zhabor jio me out than i jio them out .
 some zhabor 35 oredi look like in their 40s .
 unless the zhabor wants to discuss with me how to make more money .
 i actually know someone who told me he discuss jav with zhabor .
 chiu never have sinkie zhabors as girlfriend meh .
 if a parcel just put on door front anyone can just take and zao easily .
 very fast not even 30 secs he zao liao .
 to be honest ,  that day your work finish should be able to zao alrdy .
 just diam diam go in twos ,  eat and zao .
 just quickly pick what chiu want and zao .
 then after paying them the 30-40 dollar tip they zao liao .
 i thought we tomorrow then zao .
 i oso need to zao for lunch liao  .
 if everyone go holiday ,  i 5 something zao liao .
 he zao his company email think will oso gone .
 now every time we meet ,  we eat maximum 2 hours and zao .
 moi think then just jiaks the oyster ,  wipe mouth and zao ba .  
 here chiu immediate zao oso need to pay notice in-lieu .
 i faster eat finish zao .
 if me i will jitao ask for refund and zao .
 many sinkies rushing to visit their girlfriends worrying they zao to other men or doing things they shouldn’t be .
 i will zao straight liao .
 need to have $$ to zao la .
 my turn to zao .
 frankly most sinkie are just jumping to make a profit and zao .
 i oredi bui bui to start with . 
 why san antonio women bui bui short short 1 .
 see the boyfriend is some bui kia but looks pretty rich macam no need work everyday show his atas lunch .
 worried i will uplorry early from diabetes ,  or other bui bui related problems .
 now no more night time exercise thats why become bui bui liao .
 exactly ,  moi friend is uncle liao ,  oredi in his mid 40 and is bui bui ,  how could he be a teen ?
 how come the bro open gym still so bui bui ?
 some bui bui guys are really nice people oso .
 usually those bui bui wrestlers got one chio bu manager .
 i so bui liao still organise outing to eat .
 in short a rich bui bui guy planning to sell high buy low ,  now ended up sell low ,  buy high .
 even the tiktok bui bui oso 700 likes .
 the lizard in moi house eat until bui bui .
 chiu wont understand one unless chiu oso a bui bui .
 im the bui kia staying above .
 so why cant a bui bui be health minister ?
 retire in taiwan is very shiok .
 some people love to see people fail and feel shiok .
 i oredi quit in 2010 ,  never smoked a stick since ,  but i agree smoking the sensation is shiok .
 sometimes have very shiok dreams ,  then get disappointed upon waking up .
 the feeling of counting cash is shiok mah .
 become cleaner now very shiok liao ,  edmw say they stand one corner relac as tray return kick in liao .
 the oni time when chiu get the shiok feeling of scold people .
 but have to say a bit not shiok when she call my fake name in bed .
 which feels more shiok ,  your finger or the ear ?
 go higher less responsibility sia ,  shiok .
 cannot understand ,  like this he shiok ?
 quite shiok i eat every week .
 today weather jin shiok .
 the moment when chiu collect your ic to the point when chiu leave the camp is the most shiok .
 still ,  damn shiok to eat it on a cold rainy day ,  and the fish is quite fresh .
 i stopped running for now ,  just do cardio at home but not as shiok .
 uncle look happy and shiok .
 but least i felt shiok seeing it was made in italy .
 long walk at night during winter ,  shiok .
 if chiu think its so shiok and easy why dont chiu join them to be an agent yourself then ?
 wont have work to do one ,  just on laptop and do moi own thing ,  jin shiok .
 cold brew is nice ,  once in a while drink during warm nights or hot days is damn shiok .
 wa those kind the smell most shiok .
 why chiu so shiok can go run while i stay in school till 2am one .
 actually stay in hotel really shiok leh .
 anyway she &apos;s siao one la .
 ya my mother oso siao one .
 siao eh ,  this thread still strong huh .
 jipai siao liao
 really siao leh this guy .
 this guy siao oredi huh ?
 end up will be like the siao zhabor mum loh ,  go around beating people and trashing taxi .
 need something from chiu call chiu bro ,  dunnid something from chiu call chiu siao eh .
 that day dunno why so siao i just decide bring 100k cash go and play .
 nus really siao one .
 cos got siao mp sibei love animals .
 just depends on whether the society can accept and not classify it to be siao enough to need to go imh .
 siam family responsibility and push to younger .
 wa i thought no more cny can siam them one year then never expect this to happen .
 bukit timah people need to siam or not .
 now oni know how to siam and act retarded .
 normally people siam this kind of house .
 i think he &apos;s a chao leecher and wants to siam stuffs that he doesnt like .
 if moi is tourist moi will oso siam sinkieland .
 in the end if something is different from prediction ,  they can always say chiu managed to siam cos of their advice !
 see daiji all siam far far .
 ya we siam them for their sake !
 but oso cannot siam .
 now can’t siam oredi .
 so he always siam the tougher opponents and go for the easy kills .
 chiu cannot siam it forever unless chiu dont mind wearing safety goggles and staying away from crowded shopping malls forever .
 so i can siam far far from them .
 i remember 15-20 years ago ,  that stretch was so filled with people during weekends that i had to siam to the side alleys to get through quickly .
 sinkieland men dont quite know how to siam .
 cyclist should use speakers and blast music as well all the time then pedestrians will siam .
 he so suave and handsome looking why all the chio bu siam him ?
 no epl during cny sibei sian .
 chiu say many times oredi la ,  hear until sian .  
 cannot travel ,  wine & dine freely ,  whole day wear mask buay sian ?
 i heard so many variations till sian .
 damn sian of all this oredi .
 if it is one sided ,  the guy will be very sian and give up in the long run .
 sibei sian i am still working on new year eve .
 see liao he oso sian .
 sibei sian ,  i need to travel to listen to him talking rubbish .
 this life of growing old ,  dying and unfulfilled dreams is really sian .
 will be sibei scary siol if she found this .
 sibei poor thing still need to work in office .
 sibei arrogant ,  liddat might as well close shop .
 sibei uncomfortable to wear mask and hard to breathe .
 sibei disgusting ,  want to haolian just openly do it la .
 me thought me sibei power wont tio one .
 talk until sibei incoherent and confusing .
 i oni shave one time ,  sibei itchy when it grows back after that dont shave liao .
 walk-in selection is sibei song .
 they sibei buay clean one .
 sibei jialat ,  i still cannot login .
 must be never live in apartment before so suaku .
 moi suaku but what is pretty jane brand ?
 all of us straight one stay same bunk bare body walk around in bunk oso bo chup siao why chiu sounds like so suaku ?
 being suaku about these kinda things is not a bad thing .
 come in here to laugh at ts for being suaku .
 sorry suaku me didnt know have discount if self collect .
 by the way some of chiu guys really suaku .
 i suaku ,  oni just discover this function .
 knn i see oredi sibei giddy .
 if im the family member i would be sibei buay song .
 this is how bad their situation now ,  sibei jialat .
 her memory sibei gao lat .
 their chemistry sibei tokong .
 its oso sibei inconvenient cos there &apos;s oni one bus that goes round and round those small roads in pioneer sector .
 the boss sibei unhappy cos he say lots of people use the excuse of covid to not meet deadlines and not get work done .
 if sibei urgent please wechat .
 the rich sibei rich ,  poor sibei poor .
 hsk sibei yaya papaya when answering the questions knn .
 see long your eyes sibei strained .
 they act sibei nice sibei polite .
 tiagong he is sibei smart and study in oxford one .
 what he post until tio ban i sibei curious .
 the angmo athletes sibei horny one .
 that officer sibei ke lian .
 any tiny thing she can do herself she oso task others to do ,  sibei dulan .
 by the time they realize they are sibei bui ,  their body oredi has alot of damage liao ,  need more food to feel full .
 sibei buay tahan all these people anyhow talk cock without basis and evidence .
 i have learnt that even flattery sibei fake ,  boss oso still like .
 everyone is zai in finance .
 the car is good but the driver buay zai .
 i remembered the htc nexus one was pretty damn zai ,  might still have it somewhere .
 thought they will match the tiongs and show that they are zai kias .
 just that they need a very zai defence ,  a sweeper keeper and a dynamic midfielder .
 cos like vivian he looks zai and satki when giving speeches and interviews .
 to be honest ,  he is successful and zai .
 i am oso not a study zai person .
 the table tennis woman ,  no matter how zai or how hard she plays ,  will still walk out of tokyo olympics empty-handed .
 very zai ,  very confident .
 highest score can exchange simi free gift ?
 the kid knows simi ?
 simi lanjiao certificate from nus .
 bro ,  panic simi ?
 organically is simi lai eh  ?
 tiagong she simi businesswoman
 chiu simi qualification ?
 wonder is simi issue .
 edmund chen dunno previous life do simi good deed ,  this lifetime so lucky .
 eat simi oso will uplorry sooner or later .
 chiu jiak simi for tea break wor .
 liddat keep kena one ,  the cruise company earn simi sai ?
 got simi drama to intro leh ?
 doc gave chiu simi med ?
 got simi promo ?
 chiu gong simi lanjiao ?
 knn ,  20 cents ,  just pay and go la ,  still wanna cheapskate and ask people pour back somemore ,  simi sai .
 dunnid simi treatment la .
 chiu got simi news ?
 thats why old monkey had to promote simi asian values and confucius studies .
 buay song go back loh .
 people will buay song dig many many things out .
 jin song leh whole afternoon rained until evening .
 auntie must be very song as today hot day .
 during piak piak she oso feel song mah .
 please continue to flame me i very song .
 song bo kena disseminated .
 detained means they have reasons to hold him for questioning until they song .
 murtabak oso damn song .
 really jin song .
 today friday liao ,  song bo ?
 the taxi driver damn suay .
 they went hospital check other stuffs then suay suay tio ?
 can oni say its heng suay .
 they took the risk to cheat but suay suay get caught .
 later court gives stern warning then suay liao .
 the guy damn suay .
 and for my case my 2nd jab supposed to be 26 july but suay kena qo .
 i think depends on heng suay one .
 so damm suay to meet inspection team !
 imagine if oni a few affected and suay suay chiu are the one .
 and if chiu suay until kena infected oni like flu nia .
 i really suay to the max for the past 1 month .
 really suay to the max for those two .
 i very suay ,  every time kena female bosses .
 current tax payers really jin suay ,  thought have free treatment ,  end up oni get this shit .
 dont think anyone more suay than me .
 just that the arrested is just suay .
 the normal cyclist jin suay .
 this guy damn suay ,  tio covid almost immediately after quarantine .
 old age even if vaccinated kena covid oso will uplorry .
 people will not do so unless their family member uplorry in the process then suddenly they will wake up from the dream .
 no vaccination ,  old people kena most likely uplorry .
 not sure that company uplorry anot though .
 maybe mental stress will worsen his health then uplorry even before he serve his time .
 we should let those foreign scholars try out the vaccines first ,  see whether they will uplorry anot .
 think i may retire in a few years time ,  but i have to make sure i have enough to last till me and my wife uplorry .
 did the young punk uplorry ?
 chiu waiting for them to uplorry to inherit the assets but they live till old age still dont uplorry .
 now chiu can uplorry liao .
 probably just means large numbers will uplorry .
 lets see who uplorry first .
 probably kill myself after parents uplorry .
 why do nothing and let the vulnerable uplorry due to covid ?
 wow why so many people uplorry in the ox year .
 more chance to uplorry by jabbing then covid .
 huh chiu mean chiu dunno he uplorry oredi ?=
 he was invited to join buddhist study group ,  since he pon school he just try .
 can keep long hair ,  dye hair ,  pon class ,  play punk !
 or just mark attendance and pon class .
 paiseh i should clarify that i mean this .
 paiseh me never google for exact medical explanation .
 i paiseh cos he ended up looking a bit red from the afternoon heat .
 sorry paiseh never take note of my ward and bed number .
 walan i lagi paiseh now .
 i paiseh to reply her .
 paiseh never try before ,  does it means i can install the same app there with different phone number and send invite code to the main app ?
 if chiu feel paiseh to buy condoms then chiu shouldn &apos;t be having sex .
 those that met up with chiu oso paiseh to tell chiu .
 aiyo damn paiseh why chiu look up to me so much ?
 oh paiseh ,  i thought chiu mean something else .
 paiseh ,  maths fail ,  should be 75 million other people . 
 as for what roles i applied i paiseh say now cos saying now is as good as telling y’all i’m buey gan at this area since no employers want me .
 no need to paiseh .
 paiseh forget to mention is a toy that comes with cooling gel .
 paiseh ,  didnt know you &apos;re a lady .
 oh paiseh i thought chiu were complaining .
 paiseh i can oni recall ns is a privilege .
 maybe she see the crowd liao she oso paiseh to just leave .
 chiu not paiseh meh ?
 damn paiseh i left over so much food she has to throw away for me .
 paiseh ,  me really don know .
 paiseh ,  will get back to chiu later .
 no foresight ,  no control ,  waiting for textbook answers ,  take high pay buay paiseh .
 feeling extremely paiseh ,  i have yet to ask him any questions .
 no need awkward or paiseh .
 a bit paiseh if got camera catch me pcc . 
 eh paiseh ,  what i mean is how come the 1st doctor chiu saw didnt do ecg for chiu .
 paiseh i oni heard these 2 before .
 wa who brought chiu shame ,  paiseh and pain ?
 one of my friends just got married and they oni paktor for 1 year .
 where got time to paktor ?
 no excuse to use staircase for paktor oredi .
 just curious then how long did chiu all paktor before living together ?
 2 person dining is for couples to paktor and hopefully piak piak for population .
 when we go paktor if on weekdays and he wanna send me home i tell him no need cos waste time mah .
 still can go paktor just no dining in .
 they now oredi paktor liao ,  go each other place sleep .
 think she last time paktor with the korean nationality cheena singer mentioned earlier .
 is she learning how to pcc ?
 last time oso got some researcher go inside some condominium and pcc in public right ?
 yes when i pcc i think of chio bu friends got more feels .
 pcc can solve everything dunnid geylang .
 can oni piak piak ,  cannot pcc .
 if chiu eat too full nothing to do then go pcc la .
 just like pcc to jav very lihai does not means good in piak piak .
 dabao cai png ,  eat oredi play game pcc then koon .
 be right back moi wan to pcc to this .
 knn pcc oso need to pay money .
 lucky everyday moi pcc and kill billions of them haha .
 pcc liao of cos tired wanna sleep .
 virgin can pcc too .
 dont pcc too many times a day ah .
 so chiu prepared to pcc from 35 years old till mati isit ?
 if chiu pcc at the exact right time ,  your kukujiao will grow to become bigger .
 that was when i got real horny and everyday pcc .
 maybe he 1 day pcc 10 time until tio cancer ?
 pcc to see if chiu still got full tank anot .
 no surprise ,  pcc has always been a men &apos;s thing mah .
 if everytime chiu think of want to smoke ,  chiu go pcc lor .
 treat yourself extra meat dish in your cai png put candle sing happy birthday to yourself ,  blow ,  enjoy and pcc after .
 premature can solve one ,  by pcc beforehand .
 alot of lao funker pcc in that cinema one .
 my proposed solution is - everyone stay at home everyday pcc for the next 2 months .
 pcc is ownself song can liao ,  don’t need care about others .
 pcc too much is not good ,  xdd become not sensitive then cannot have good sex .
 pcc daily ok bo ah .
 means how long chiu haven’t pcc liao ?
 next time chiu pcc chiu try think about that .
 relak and enjoy your dinner .
 just that when chiu relak again ,  cases will go up ,  just a matter of time .
 to be honest ,  all my previous company jobs all quite relak too .
 spend time to relak during this period .
 we all can sit down relak and eat popcorn ?
 i rather relak at home drink whisky .
 means it was just a relak run .
 whether to relak safety measures does not depend on this .
 when chiu want to relak just close your eyes and look at your life .
 moi plan is to relak lie down read .
 any country oso can relak mask restriction to falsify a sense of confidence to people outside .
 work is very relak la but no progression this place .
 relak and stay calm .
 maybe relak dine in in outdoor places to 1-2 pax per table .
 relak la dont fight .
 can sit back relak watch the game woohoo .
 things to do with safety must be very careful cannot afford to be relak one .
 i think sinkie life too relak and strawberry .
 next day morning feel nausea and weak shaky hand but took some relak med then ok .
 drawback of vaccine is that people think it is 100% effective and start to relak .
 most people desire a slower pace and more relak lifestyle one la .
 so i rather sit back and relak .
 eat shells and use roti soak the sauce to fill tummy ?
 he can continue to sell roti ,  eggs and kopi for all i care .
 me jiak roti and coffee as always .
 go home eat your roti .
 stay home and eat roti ?
 quite flat like the roti .
 moi want to piak the one on the right .
 he will be having 1 last piak with her before he tells her to break up .
 supermodels wont piak with chiu .
 maybe she waiting for end of the games can piak piak other athletes .
 both are real life lesbians but probably piak more kukujiaos than any straight girls in their lives  .
 the man that got her pregnant enjoy the free piak while chiu take care of the aftermath ?
 all of us will go if booster jab is required for hotel 81 piak piak .
 the rope hit the floor and with echo from the ceiling give piak sound .
 just want piak and not those soul mate they are seeking .
 she like to piak piak on the counter ?
 go buy one if possible else quite mafan to heat up .
 liddat jin mafan leh .
 the process to apply is so mafan and not user friendly .
 just to add on  ,  the bigger the dog is  ,  the more mafan it is .
 if too mafan then say no to wife and kids .
 very mafan not everyone is tech savvy .
 very mafan for that few dollars that wont even make a difference .
 as an intern ,  i did saikang .
 who would do this kind of saikang ?
 seriously real faker ask me do saikang and still want to come up with lame excuses .
 all sort of saikangs oso they can ask chiu do .
 reminds me of female colleague who always text male colleague to arrow him do all the saikang .
 can’t wait to pass the saikang to the next 4g .
 last time i saf oso do saikang as nsf .
 do more saikang oso wont get higher salary .
 not some saikang which nobody wants or can be done by juniors .
 sekali im a 100 years old ah mah behind the screen .
 sekali tomorrow 0 case .
 but chiu better watch out ,  sekali the subsequent booster shots are the kill shots  .
 sekali go inside there even more lagi will kena sick la .
 sekali inside got real person .
 sekali she is the advance party sent in to dismantle the keyboard army .
 sekali they released fake aliens news .
 he do all these lanjiao things ,  sekali in the end kena pwn by wife .
 sekali is a guy make use of her pictures ?
 sekali is his die hard fan imitating him .
 sekali no uniform to wear today .
 sekali those who take oni 1 shot will kena more jialat ?
 sekali me is know chiu all too .
 sekali people dont dare to bully her wor .
 sekali chiu dont even understand your own thoughts hence cannot elaborate your points .
 sekali people dont even care about chiu .
 sekali more dead from vaccine than virus .
 sekali he sell his lambo still got landed and chio bu wifu to piak .
 sekali one of the riders kena tyre pangchek  .
 sekali is at any point in time ,  the benefits will always outweigh the risks .  
 sekali real name is daniel .
 sekali he oredi tio before .
 sekali is reverse psychology so she can say she oso can travel and stay those places .
 don’t want sekali got to show local company sponsor letter etc .
 sekali she later go marry angmo .
 sekali she cheena spy .
 sekali this is new form of advertising and marketing .
 sekali is real leh ,  then how ?
 moi dont mind apply suntan lotion all over her body .
 moi never watch ,  the score quite low haha i oni see the poster interesting .
 moi doing wisdom tooth removal with sedation ,  plus fillings for 5 other teeth .
 is moi racist ?
 yes moi did that last time as advised by moi chef friend ,  but find it troublesome so moi just do the easier way .
 moi getting popcorn .
 this breed of parrots known as conures are super noisy ,  moi got one at home ,  sometimes it screams near moi ears can feel ear drums pain one .
 just feel hor no matter how hard moi tried ,  moi is hard to compete with people who came from jc or poly .
 moi first gameboy was gameboy yellow .
 for moi is buky la .
 moi will donate all moi winnings to pap ,  so they can win 2025 elections .
 moi prefer this way ,  direct ,  dont play with words ,  just be frank with own citizens .
 moi go expo see see look look ,  the prism monitor quality is cui .
 moi pri school that time got this .
 heng moi study in real satki angmo schools .
 be right back ,  moi go and use my imagination .
 i just want to air moi armpits la .
 moi confident moi can compare with their 1-2 years experienced hire . 
 moi is fully vaccinated but i will not visit shopping malls liao ,  hope all the business toh and economy die .
 but moi is too stunned to react and speak in that atmosphere .
 i wish got people want to pinch moi cheek lorl .
 moi still got 3 years worth of stock .
 moi came in expecting to see ice-cream  .
 oni real virology sexperts and genius like moi can see what they are doing ,  and i tell chiu its the difference between playing 3d chess and tic tac toe .
 please don’t chop moi kukujiao .
 moi got try but taste a bit weird ,  so moi still stick to soy milk .
 moi need to wait some more years before i old enough to answer this question by ts .
 moi last time work with japanese in japan companies .
 used to jio my ex-colleague to makan there .
 usually car park full in front cos alot of taxi uncle &apos;s park there to makan .
 by the way whats the rule for cny eve makan session at parent &apos;s place all from different household .
 gahment wanna makan your business ,  chiu oso cant do anything about it .
 it was damn awkward during makan and i have no one to talk to throughout the session .
 thanks for exposing my secret makan place .
 yeah ,  my sis and her husband often come to my area for makan .
 moi want become pacman and makan her .
 the oni important thing is makan oni ,  other things all not important .
 dont wanna disturb them when they makan ,  same like how i wouldnt want to be disturbed when i makan .
 last time i see social distancing officers reminding patrons about their masks at makan places .
 jio her to makan what ?
 we want our cheap makan cheap groceries and cheap petrol .
 my makan and transport expenses more than offset the slight increase in my utility bill .
 i have girlfriend makan with me .
 so if i walk off after makan leaving the trays on the tables ,  do i commit an offence ?
 no wonder people like chiu easily makaned .
 why dont chiu treat me to makan ?