they damn malu .
damn pathetic right ?
his kukujiao must be damn big or family is rich .
serious they are damn horny ones .
that one damn irritating .
its cos their covid cases are too damn high .
he must be thinking he damn smart .
her degree is damn good one right . 
you all damn funny .
the park damn full sia .
damn tired at the end of the day still need to make baby .
your descriptions are so damn funny .
but i feel very hesitant to accept the job cos im damn scared that i will end up hating the job .
looks damn scary .
he still look damn good like last time .
you’re so damn brainwashed .
i always find it damn lame when sinkees whine about qualifying for world cup .
she wants to act like she is damn pure but in fact she is a slut too .
i oso cant tahan the wife damn pretty .
his story really sounds damn fake .
their parents must be damn proud of their achievements .
anyway i oso think this system is damn cui .
my lag until damn jialet maybe cos laptop .
the vaccine is damn useless .
damn shiok that one .
can you diam diam ?
best to diam and enjoy the show .
if there &apos;s nothing to say or dont even know what to reply, just diam and log off from here .
can you diam and do your food delivery ?
just use what you like and diam diam .
well, when they earning big money, all diam diam .
keep diam diam and sweep under magic carpet .
then sinkieland gahmen diam diam .
diam diam and expect people to forget about it next week .
if diam diam no stir trouble, nobody complain then bo taiji lor .
sometimes i really feel ar if he diam diam better .
too much diam diam policy until sinkie oso bo chup .
dont play play hor this is very serious .
dont play play with heart palpitation .
whoa that area better drive safe, dont play play .
dont play play with this kind of siao lang .
please wait for the coming elections results to double confirm ok ?
i help you double confirm .
double confirm that they know what they are dealing with .
just to be sure, its best to double confirm by checking the days between the two appointments .
double confirm first by eating sour plums and smell your shіt .
grab her neh neh to double confirm .
means chop and double confirm they are here .
i walked past 3 times to double confirm .
we have reason to suspect many countries do not test as many times as sinkieland to double confirm if a person is really infected with covid .
can you double confirm ?
all her ex really oso dulan her .
let them spam him till dulan .
i chinese, i oso dulan the task force .
then he dulan and lost focus .
i foresee will have people just take the bowl and utensils go wash and bring home cos they dulan to return tray .
everytime see his face is automatically will feel jin dulan one .
everytime i think of it i dulan and when i dulan, i work more!
see his face oso dulan .
maybe the valet dulan this girl .
nicer way to say you are dulan .
then the surgeon will be dulan and invite you to come back do colonoscopy again if cannot get a clear picture of the colon .
sibei dulan now .
then the people there dulan me .
whoever see liao hear liao oso sian and dulan .
dunno why now i see his face i get dulan .
last time when i siao on gym, i always dulan those who hog the machine and chit chat with friends .
if i am lecturer i oso dulan and remember this type of problem student .
people are getting dulan liao .
i see his face i damn dulan now .
i more dulan is why is he still smiling .
so many people very dulan with cyclists .
see doctor dunnid money meh ?
if can then dunnid to spend so much .
dunnid to force yourself to become something you dont wanna be .
dunnid to worry about local indians .
dunnid to attack them oso .
start on a day when you dunnid to work so you can rest or sleep if needed .
i dunnid to know the ramblings of your weak mind .
i dunnid to know why or how it works just need to use it for my daily needs .
you dunnid to pay if ya not interested in resuming the line .
dunnid so stingy max towards your own parents .
dunnid say until so formal la .
he just told me dunnid, he can sign for me .
that &apos;s why people walking dunnid wear mask .
now outside back to normal liao mah, dunnid scared la .
dunnid argue or counter moi point . 
dunnid write so much .
dunnid worry, try eat fruits for dinner maybe ?
should show everyone so that people who not up to her standard dunnid to waste their time on such girl .
good things dunnid to advertise de .
i go tip her gao gao so you dunnid worry
exercise dunnid so much time one la just chop chop currypok do a bit each day can liao .
dunnid photo one .
moi is chinchai type .
i very chinchai one .
my wife oso thinks that i too chinchai .
sometimes, if they kiap the wrong dish, i just chinchai, just take .
you dont chinchai then you can win .
the owners all very chinchai close deal one .
but most of the time, i quite chinchai one la .
no lehs, i very chinchai one for part time jobs .
chinchai jiak la .
singapore &apos;s free wifi is cmi .
i never say her face or body cmi .
such condition is considered cmi!
his skills cmi one .
that is still fine but his attitude is really cmi . 
i cmi anything so go drive taxi .
the standard drop until cmi when it wasn &apos;t that great in the beginning .
his acting and hosting skill really cmi .
the hotel toilet bowl like cmi .
sinkieland media and entertainment industry cmi and it lose a lot during covid .
i thought jay chou told her she cmi in singing ?
really jin cmi .
actually any phone that needs to be charged more than once a day is cmi for me liao .
sinkieland one really cmi .
another shopping mall which is cmi is lot 1 .
his face cmi for kpop bands mah .
older people will say younger generation cmi .
fast forward 20 years, the current younger generation will say the new younger generation cmi .
all the new hawker centres cmi .
that &apos;s why now german products cmi .
ironic, considering most of them cmi in sinkieland .
the new millennials really cmi .
the ramly burger i ate at pasar malam always cmi .
gahment cmi unable to attract our local talent in silicon valley back .
the current one i think cmi against the double mutant strain from india .
i realise iphone 11 camera really cmi when lighting is poor .
eeyer very disgusting sia . 
its just like they always say eeyer you pee when you shower but they oso do it .
eeyer buky la .
eeyer if pause can see his kukujiao!
eeyer, disgusting sia, where was it uploaded ?
eeyer the picture very erxin leh . 
eeyer means mouldy and fermented liao .
eeyer say until liddat like damn disgusting sia  .
eeyer moi reading this while eating lunch leh .  
eeyer, their bodies all badly burnt liao still need to cremate like burn twice liddat .
remember, chop chop everything quickly so you dont get timeout .
need chop chop finish one .
on arrival both split up chop chop run their errands .
tomorrow i chop chop go there and ask them gtfo .
most hdb agents would like to just close deals chop chop but most of the time is seller dont budge .
really is chop chop fast game .
sinkie guys da best, all just do work chop chop then go home liao . 
it will be chop chop rather than waste time arguing .
well done pap, fixed a problem chop chop .
i bet the approval was chop chop .
time &apos;s up, chop chop go home .
chop chop get out before 9am .
cleaning up oso very fast chop chop done .
tell sinkies chop chop take vaccines .
chop chop 5 minute deal liao .
always chop chop clean then lock up .
chop chop kalipok deliver the verdict, pay the court fine and close case .
doesn &apos;t take long, chop chop go sim lim square tonight .
most people just find their own lots to chope, usually at odd locations or higher floors .
they chope seat using tissue paper or other stuff .
go chope one and bring home before march .
i chope table in person since hubby is queuing to buy food .
never chope seat with tissue cos i seldom eat at peak hours at hawker .
i dont chope seat, i stand and eat .
i choped with a large trolley but a middle aged guy was too blind to see .
i jiak alone and off peak so no chope .
i want to chope first .
it’s ok lah, he didn’t chope a prime lot since he parked at level 4 .
that girl must be an obedient slut to stand there chope slot for her bf .
i want to chope this one .
so cannot chope table liao .
everyone wants to chope their beds in icu .
so fast can chope next week &apos;s slot .
how about nominating tissue paper to chope seat in food centres to the unesco world heritage ?
high class restaurant still need to ownself chope tables ?
you better chope fast .
bro can chope a seat for me ?
next time just chope seat lor .
not like you chope few hours in advance or what .
i oredi put my tissue pack chope liao .
end up i now oso a bit selfish wanna chope the lot outside my house .
so, people, dont listen to all these bulls from the gahmen .
this is how the gahmen works .
cos gahment subsidy gao gao, confirm cheaper than hiring banglas .
she working in gahmen ?
tiagong according to my mom, hong kong has no public housing cos their gahment dont like them, that &apos;s why housing so expensive .
go overseas spread to other country, not gahmen &apos;s dai ji .
gahment oredi fooled us once, but i still see people falling for it again .
gahmen is always correct  .
but sinkie gahmen is so stupid they cant see it .
their gahmen must have printed money like there &apos;s no tomorrow .
why you kpkb about gahmen now .
this way the gahment will be more proactive in protecting employees jobs .
this is how the gahment get rich .
lots of gahmen jobs coming soon in january .
the gahmen is really bending backwards for foreigners .
is our gahmen didnt do enough .
the gahmen will help make it compulsory for the unvaxxed, no effort required .
our gahmen learnt how to successfully control and manipulate sinkies through this pandemic .
gahment can collect some chicken from the businesses!
mai geh geh la .
no need to geikiang .
i admit sometimes i geikiang with many random knowledge . 
they so goondu to continue such practice .
just too bad kena ruled by goondus .
wear like this look like goondu .
where got goondu buy expensive car anyhow drive one ?
only goondu believe her .
goondu pap leaders .
mai goondu leh, just screenshot and keep image .
that &apos;s why i say before, only our goondu scholars believe in data blindly .
so many goondus listen to the marketing gimmicks .
i think you are the goondu one .
you goondu or what ?
i sit there like goondu .
sinkies are the dumbest goondus .
i dont drive grab but i think even grab driver knows more than a goondu like you .
very easy to know who is the goondu here .
then gostan when the situation deteriorates ?
tap brake and gostan ?
still can gostan though .
his car got stuck, cannot go up the slope, he had to gostan and try a few times .
some screeners really guailan .
the boomer uncle guailan .
got that guailan face but i think he &apos;s quite friendly la .
go engage those ahbeng debt collectors to harass him, see if he dares to guailan them in person anot .
guailan kia illegal park still argue .
simi sai oso didnt accomplish still want to guailan, obviously she doesn &apos;t have the mental strength to make it .
that younger guy tiagong quite guailan and looks like he just woke up during every zoom or teams call .
gangster behavior from staff, sibei guailan .
from the video can see the small one damn guailan .
i believe she seriously have some mental problems and not guailan on purpose like the sovereign lady .
ts took the vaccine himself so he confirm want to guailan people that didnt want to take the vaccine .
at home shaking head at the guailan reporters .
i guess this is karma for being so guailan .
she really very guailan siol .
the original branch the staff there sibei guailan .
time for him to get some tattoos, go in and be guailan to the inmates .
ask this kind of guailan question .
that time handphone no internet .
handphone battery are getting long enough to last more than a day .
most likely handphone oso cannot have liao .
its tied to your handphone and nric .
use handphone take photo video of you .
what kind of handphone shop, those ahbengs one ah ?
what handphone are you using ?
only the humji will go vax .
the malaysian boat come over only, the navy oso humji simi lanjiao oso dont dare to do .
want talk then say, don’t be humji kia .
malaysians not humji like stinkies .
not going to give him another chance to be a humji kia .
wish i dared, but moi humji . 
why you want to gamble yet so humji ?
after one week, will have another powerful variant then pap will humji and lock down again .
must be humji in real life so go online write essays .
they know that sinkies are humji .
a lot of people once inside that ballot box, humji, still put a tick for white dogs .
whether they humji anot has nothing to do with why you were implying that vaccines did not work .
been encouraging other friends to donate but all humji or dont fit the criteria .
as expected, this bloody humji guy, cycled off and continue his offensive hand gestures .
but i am extreme humji, fastest i go is 95-100 km/h, then i let go accelerator liao .
cause i humji i admit i humji .
as usual, humji government dare not touch what’s really critical but only want to attack minority group .
this humji government will have no choice but start dealing with vax people very soon .
kumgong and humji sinkies song boh ?
very humji oso .
they humji might as well dont post .
overall we are just too humji to report the number to the public and afraid that public will go panic with the current numbers .
the only reason i haven’t jump down is i too humji to jump .
it’s sinkies that are humji .
i noticed its chinese trait to be sharp inside, humji outside .
too humji to even start a cai png stall, let alone a ride hailing company .
dont humji and later abandon the plan ok .
he too humji to play greek freak more minutes .
in real life he is humji kia .
sinkieland authorities too civilized and humji liao .
sinkie mostly humji kia dont dare one la .
he fully vax why so humji ?
humji government only bullies the citizens .
heng we are safe here .
heng manufacturing still can operate if not my company no parts to process .
heng ah we got pap .
heng moi prepared for the next wave liao . 
heng, i never book!
heng i got shelter all the way to all food place .
heng i dont support crave and may never will .
heng i never travel overseas for 6 years already, no such problem .
heng i went europe in dec 2018 before the covid and all the asian hate crimes .
heng i order food online .
heng someone understands me .
sim people find job is really see heng suay only .
if dont drop back to championship heng liao .
end up have to follow zhenghu instructions .
waseh so suay car break down, so heng bus and mrt empty .
heng i dont have wife, sister, gf .
heng i only trust straits times .
heng ah, my unit haven &apos;t call me up yet
heng moi not planning to have children .
heng got company insurance .
heng i order fast, scared later run low on supplies like last time again .
heng moi no like instant noodles .
heng i dont drive, no worries on this .
very heng my kids all girls .
sibei heng i accepted the job offer that i dont like .
going for vaccination will definitely put one at side effect risks, heng or suay, hard to say .
those with small spaces, honggan liao .
means whole lot honggan oredi .
honggan la this has been happening for dunno how long liao .
knn jialat today honggan cannot go out liao .
honggan liao, everyday so many mati .
wa this guy honggan liao .
honggan liao, tomorrow will probably reach 4000 .
means those who get him in early all honggan liao!
if everyone think like you, wait til cannot breath then go for covid test then sinkieland honggan liao!
really honggan liao this time  .
once your status is unvaccinated, means you are honggan, no excuse . 
later they know korean and speak with you then you honggan liao .
but you do too many times boss will become suspicious and check then you honggang gg liao .
if the guy try to force her, she report police she got raped, he honggan liao .
too many unlinked cases, honggan liao .
unless all their systems linked and automated then really honggan .
honggan ah cb useless government import the india variant .
cannot choose means honggan liao .
those who are not software engineers with coding background honggan ?
if you &apos;re an unvaccinated tourist and come into singapore, sure honggan!
this one macam like hollywood production .
you say until like macam you wanna die liddat .
is jin scary sia, cant imagine if e-robots go out of control, macam like e-dinosaurs from jurassic park sial .
but everytime see him like very happy macam cheerleader liddat .
scholar &apos;s ns macam holiday camp .
anthony davis macam made of paper liddat .
the typical girl wear make-up gao gao sibei chio, take out only macam pontianak ?
she very good at slurping, macam slurp ramen liddat sia the sound .
siala this jamus talk like macam storytelling session sia .
macam pap survey, so rigged .
fierce sia, macam volcanic eruption . 
his running macam like dancing .
why you macam like take it so personal ?
lockdown macam like no lockdown .
she talking cock macam like pap minister .
wa this one macam like segregated toilets for different races in the 1950s sia .
jamus and leon speeches macam like economics lecture .
set up apple pay, then can use my phone to pay for anything macam paywave liddat .
is macam like popeye the sailor man .
the face outline macam like cresent shape  .
macam some of the people who confront boomers on not wearing masks .
he was lying on the road macam going to faint .
playing football, i kick the free kick macam beckham .
yesterday moi jiak italian restaurant .
walan i only got money jiak saizeriya .
well done best way to jiak steak .
i new year eve jiak cai png . 
the medicine i jiak usually dont have so much side effects . 
went once just to bring my relatives to try, gosh really cant bring myself to go there jiak on a regular basis as a local .
a true soulmate will accept the guy invitation and bring boyfriend along and jiak buffet happily together .
not as if ask you take fish direct from toxic water and then jiak .
the more you scared the more he will jiak you .
not say very expensive but is jin ho jiak if you can stand the milky taste .
i dont sarporks any side, just sit back, jiak popcorn and enjoy show nia .
during breakfast i just spam butter and kaya on normal bread and jiak . 
heng i no longer jiak ice cream .
my dad dont jiak sashimi but jiak the yusheng .
think older gen usually no jiak raw stuff .
even medium rare steak dont dare to jiak .
tiagong the attrition rate in my place quite jialat .
very jialat meh ?
this year standard really jialat .
vaccinated person can still kena but results not so jialat .
election today they sure lose until jialat .
heng i got dehumidifier so not very jialat .
the parking scan qr code thingy really jialat, recently high failure rate again .
good luck to ts and all others that experience or going to experience this sibei jialat after effect of vaccination .
just saw the news on channel 8 i think he really jialat liao .
he will kena jialat jialat to make an example out of him .
why their mindset so jialat ?
walan that one more jialat than this one .
the situation there so jialat oredi .
even at home the boss will call and ask about work, really jialat .
her mental health so jialat i think she cant handle .
moi oso tio one sibei jialat flu and fever for 2 weeks .
pap dying to open up yet countries around us jialat how ?
your taste jialat .
the girl kena traumatised jialat jialat .
cold green bean taste good no matter how jialat squashed .
didn’t know marvel standard drop until so jialat .
i only know i kena tekan jialat jialat .
got so many advanced economies, but die die want to jio developing countries .
you ask yourself when you jio a friend out to eat at eateries, do you ask them "eh you vaccinated" ?
friends jio me eat hdl every day, after that go macs supper .
they jio to eat, not force to eat mah .
now she wanna jio me go hunt again .
everytime jiak good food bo jio .
he want to jio his chiobu intern out for drinks and dinner .
i have jio a few edmwers out for a discussion, so far none have taken up my offer .
then he likes to jio another local indian colleague go drink and tea break .
faster jio liao mai tu liao .
even lying on hospital bed i oso tried to jio nurse .
once you guys more comfortable, jio her out .
that &apos;s why ktv girls harder to jio .
why dont want try club and jio girl .
why you never jio him in the first place ?
they go pang jio pang sai .
then this sibei hardcore runner jio me go run .
a lot of times, the girls will oso jio or ask their circle of friends to meet up and drink together .
my friend jio me buy itoto .
how i know who is the chio xmm that you wanted to jio .
time to jio friends go jiak steamboat liao .
i jio you out and you pay ?
moi scare if jio people out they kena covid .
sometimes weekend jio him come out eat oso cannot, need to work .
me no moolah to jio .
hope can jio my siam bu eat mookata .
why you go marina square bo jio .
bo jio me lim kopi ?
next time they wont jio you go lunch liao .
i will grind both karchng .
inside your cow &apos;s karchng isit ? 
use hand wipe karchng sai then use same hand eat .
by the way, your father oso complained you always played with his karchng hole .
calvin cheng, your karchng song boh ?
she piak piak herself la by slapping her own karchng onto the door .
didnt know he like to touch karchng .
moi always touch touch moi karchng .  
dont kaypoh la .
you so kaypoh for what ?
she &apos;s a typical kaypoh auntie .
need charge all the kaypohs for breaching safe distancing . 
why you come in kaypoh ?
i think the hyundai kena sabo by kaypoh passenger .
can’t do own part well still want kaypoh others .
i parked my car nearby cos we stay nearby and my dad wants to kaypoh .
why this oyk so kaypoh still talking about reopening travel ?
why the aunt so kaypoh siol ?
problem is with those kaypoh who peek into their window .
therefore moi stand is still problem lies with kaypoh peoples, not with the resident .
chatty and kaypoh but not malicious .
my question is why so kaypoh ask these kind of bo liao question ?
why so many people so kaypoh one huh ?
will you kaypoh and ask people to put on their mask ?
unless got those cb kaypoh anyhow take photo/video .
lazy to read but want to kaypoh .
student kisiao again ?
i think you are too fascinated with him liao till kisiao .
she kisiao after brother die .
i think the notification system of smrt kisiao liao .
sounds like a shortcut to kisiao .
i stayed there for 60 days want kisiao .
many people going to kisiao liao .
either you siao lang or tio covid until kisiao .
dont be surprised if someone around you snapped and kisiao .
if too controlling the kid might kisiao and avoid parent next time .
moi going kisiao from trying to find her .
even if the jab wont protect you 100% from the virus, it will prevent you from getting paranoid and kisiao .
stay in those inner rooms without view for so many months will go kisiao . 
if moi oso will go kisiao everyday liddat .
i guess its time i kisiao so i can be locked up in there .
what if the buddy kisiao and kill or injure the other fella ?
then when the kids go kisiao, they only know how to play blame game with moe .
the bot will kisiao then start planning to enslave humans like in the matrix .
just pretend to kisiao when they force you to go .
after ns, i worked full-time in factories and then studied part-time at night schools for my dip, degree and master for 8 whole years until i kisiao .
asked and kena rejected .
i really hope he and the wife kena karma .
a lot of us guys kena way more verbal, mental and emotional abuse during our times in ns loh .
he kena abandoned in the wild liao  .
i thought airport kena terrorist attack, but was told by local that it is normal . 
you think those asians kena whacked by blacks are all chinese ?
most people dont even know that they kena dengue .
and then kena high covid cases and get ban by other countries .
heng i never kena .
wa the father kena hurt so badly then turn gay ar ?
last year only the elderly kena, now age group getting younger and younger .
which minsiter will so suay to be the first to kena covid  ?
you wont know you kena, the body dont show the symptoms .
bro i sure last time he kena toto or 4d and use that money to buy the 2nd car to pick up girls .
the boy probably took some vitamin pills or something that &apos;s why kena chest problem .
looks like fully vaccinated still kena loss of taste/smell is not rare .
how come my company nobody kena one ?
you all kena trolled by him .
why do you think he kena pushed to east coast ?
vaccinated but still kena means what ?
i got to agree on this, in my honest opinion if local make noise 2 time sure kena charge le and remanded .
which type of kopi you want ?
no leh i saw him at geylang kopitiam lim jiu .
it can happen anywhere, kopitiam, barber shop etc .
sinkieland can jiak dinner walk walk drink kopi or even supper .
please call me if you need kopi boy .
overpriced kopi and roti .
likely to have years of supplies of kopi for him .
how long can they force you to lim kopi ?
used to have kopitiam selling nice fishball noodle, nice wanton mee, cheap chicken rice .
i guess this is karma, slip over his own kopi .
you all haven &apos;t meet those kopitiam uncle .
run out of kopi at home ?
just relak and drink kopi and enjoy .
yeah sometimes i go there to lim kopi after having meals nearby .
by the way is there anything nice to jiak at that kopitiam ?
the kopi there is good too .
bo lang lim kopi ?
where got kopi $2 ?
go coffee shop la kopi with friends
she got kukujiao one, what would you do ?
help chop off the kukujiao .
ask him go thailand to cut his kukujiao .
faster hide all the kukujiaos!
they keep asking me how big is my kukujiao never ask me about money leh .
not sure can put my kukujiao inside when erected .
i see the title of the thread my kukujiao hard liao .
show you kukujiao to her .
those with kukujiao issue likely kena std nothing to do with the jab leh bro .
some of them are lurking in the toilet peaking at your kukujiao when you go to urine .
kukujiao still can stand ?
moi wan to suck their kukujiao .
the hacker demand bitcoin if not say will leak my kukujiao photos .
i come in to offer kukujiao to chop if we qualify for world cup in 2034 .
even if the guy kukujiao small but with car i oso will choose him le .
why you rubbed you kukujiao on her ?
think my kukujiao can talk better than him .
after vaccinated kukujiao become bigger and harder ?
i think my kukujiao can cover her face . 
i is scared kukujiao stand up .
i let you play my kukujiao .
is he the lao funker who keeps sexposing his kukujiao to his tenant ?
ya lor he look like walking with a 30kg kukujiao .
who click into this thread main thing is to see him stroking kukujiao ?
this is good example of letting kukujiao think for chiu!
moi is gotch an even easier way out for chiu .
my common sense is telling moi that either chiu is cui reader or chiu is deliberately deceitful in chiur claim .
chiu might as well say healthy no need vac  ?
been waiting 10 years for chiu to reply moi .
chiu is trying to be cute or funny ?
or chiu is asking a rhetorical question ?
or chiu is having a time travel problem ?
so chiu is gotch learn the lesson here ?
chiu is can thank moi later .
cos chiur question is cui .
chiu study cmi so chiu hire tutor to help improve study .
chiu no understand what moi saying .
means she is horny liao want chiu to piak her .
the more attention chiu give them, the more they fight back .
faster jump off the boat if chiu can .
chiu all donno how to read is it ?
chiu are still beri young right ?
how did chiur son fare ?
what subject did chiu teach ?
chiu should be grateful to me oks!
chiu praise them, doesn &apos;t mean they like chiu .
base on the votes chiu know this is bullshit .
chiu oso took 2 hours . 
what talking chiu ?
chiu not supposed to expose this!
i am getting that oso .
dtl is new oso can down .
they oso know will have huge infection if lots of people coming to see the final .
now outside oso crowded .
he work at redhill area, take public transport long, drive car oso not much difference .
moi one person oso earn 5 figure .
anyway until now i still cannot take the doses, just consulted my company doctor he oso asked me to siam .
i oso dont bother reading when you type so much nonsense .
tbh i oso confused liao .
an anti-vax person can oso be oredi vax .
our minister is oso proposing to focus more on experience than papers .
arent you oso inferring from the conversation to come to your conclusion ?
sinkieland society oso do not support same sex marriage oso .
he probably oso get unemployment benefits in australia .
do you think they will oso close down like robinson ?
technically the top floor of a hdb oso penthouse .
yes i am oso clearing leave so its ok .
depend on your rank and oso ministry or agency .
holland league jin kelong oso lorl .
you see how he trolling oso know he &apos;s not doctor .
even heart problem oso cant detect .
doctors are oso human .
or like your workplace maybe you see a girl but is from another department and you dunno her at all you oso just approach her ?
asics oso good .
i briefly read on it oso .
play game oso same de rite .
i oso watched gintama .
its oso highly inappropriate if he is using his position of power in this #metoo environment .
she changes boyfriend and it is still not chiu then come here broadcast for what ?
go uniqlo probably can find similar pieces, perhaps chiu can go there hoot the clothes before going on chiur 2nd date .
start biz is a failure recipe to let chiu lose all chiur savings .
chiu not happy with his plan ?
can think that chiu got angmo blood since they oso cannot jiak spicy . 
chiu must be merdeka or boomer gen, still old traditional thinking .
moi came in thinking chiu bump into something else .
just do la, chiu will only regret not doing earlier
they probably want to check if chiur color is healthy .
chiu still earn money many many .
she wants to move forward to next stage with chiu .
but are chiu oso a siao lang deep inside ?
he interested in chiu .
what chiu think ?
whatever chiu wan jiak .
if chiu dont want to make sacrifice, then chiu must make others pay for the problems .
price will up gao gao until chiu try to withdraw then problem .
chiu were the main characters of those stories ?
are chiu a degree holder ?
not trolling chiu, but moi got write before in written test that moi is an avid reader of hardwarezone in my pastime/hobbies section of the essay .
where and how chiu meet your wife ?
then whose validation are chiu looking for, if not your hubby &apos;s ?
how chiu these 2 days ?
chiu gotch xray for free in sinkieland before ?
chiu gotch guts .
chiu wont understand one .
chiu try and let us know .
why chiu cannot sleep ?
miss chiu kawaii face .
need license to operate anot ?
the rest is depends on one &apos;s personal conviction whether to sue under civil rights anot .
is see whether you heng anot .
dunno if the situation improve oredi anot .
others in our region got increase anot .
problem is do the best want sinkieland anot .
serious anot ?
serving army considered civil serpent anot ?
sure anot dey ?
but did we enjoy the fruit anot ?
he will organize tutorials on zoom anot ?
you wanna see my results see accurate anot ?
what about a&w few months back alot people queue still got alot now anot ?
got sneak preview anot ?
eh by the way meet the people sessions resumed oredi anot ?
not sure will be crowded anot since its a ph .
so the other talents still want to resign or stay ?
dunno if the sms is a scam anot .
i reading this wrong anot ?
you got take supplement anot ?
they hired that malay cause he is suitable for the job, they didnt even consider whether he will blend in anot .
does he still want you to become the chief in future anot ?
now still have anot ah ?
you think he be able to go back anot ?
anyhow just bomb stats nia, true anot nobody know .
actually is personal choice whether to give anot la, nobody will judge you, only you will know .
so just agar-agar report what they can .
i agar-agar calculated before the area size .
cos we oredi agar-agar know what is going to happen .
left agar-agar 10% population unvaccinated .
i thought most just agar-agar see how many internships you have, your intern role relevant to job you applied for anot then go see the skills section see got any relevant skills in the bullet point .
at least i oredi agar-agar know how you look like liao .
price agar-agar the same with few dollars diff .
bro, you need to agar-agar .
i go overseas see their local tv oso know agar-agar their celebs .
for me agar-agar can oredi .
agar-agar know is which one .
actually if you can sing chinese songs, means your standard agar-agar there oredi .
so i &apos;ll know how to agar-agar manage the cable when  install .
can agar-agar breakdown cost of living  ?
oso agar-agar oni right ?
to all the singles above 40, do yall still receive angpows ?
angpow inside how much ?
if you feel not worth it, upon arrival at the venue there is still time for you all to open up the angpow and take back some money what .
my car plate strike 4d before, then every cny, the same relative will said why your angpow so little .
but of course dont expect big angpow hor .
you prepare angpow for the buffet liao ?
will she get any angpow ?
i hope next year my boss can give me angpow for cny .
means you only visit cos of angpow, but without angpow you wont visit .
cny angpow is not a bonus, is a gift .
let you collect angpow first .
tiagong will botak before 35 .
so confirmed you are botak liao like one edmwer said .
is it the steak house by the botak 18chefs guy ?
some guys botak look very creepy especially if facial features sharpness none .
if balding, go style it, or wear wig or plant hair or go botak .
lucky i botak forever .
alot of angmo botak here at the sports bar .
i oso waiting for you to be botak .
very soon you will be botak one .
then cut botak for what ?
if sinkie botak, either he nsf or convict or monk .
nobody laugh or make fun of his botak but during gathering, he will ownself joke about his botak .
why  boys or man living at the same space need to shave botak ?
decide now or you will definitely be botak .
and he wear a turtle neck, really look like turtle with his botak head .
sinkie botak look like recruit .
obvious that the husband jealous of the dog, and wants it to be botak so that wife will love him more than dog . 
then you can tell zhabor you workout too much that &apos;s why became botak .
from botak can have hair back, you see elon musk .
this type confirm no one will talk to him .
if its released through streaming confirm very fast can climb .
his murder charge confirm will drop .
this one confirm extinct .
means this year end confirm zero .
confirm will have guys who still idolize wan marry them .
confirm not from india leh .
wa he confirm jin happy someome remember him .
confirm married before 30 la .
confirm crush my face one .
this one confirm edmwer .
tonight they confirm do raw liao .
somemore the tv confirm need to ownself carry home, need to find transport .
this kind confirm clean shaven one .
confirmed will not tio retrenched but may tio covid .
then confirm not chio bu liao .
confirm super long queue as alot people not cooking at home too .
bladder oso confirm not as strong .
confirm will have ceca to hire her .
confirm no cartel, cos government said so .
uncle see me so cham belanja me .
nabei knn tio con by her, thought belanja me eat good thing .
i belanja you eat beef noodle .
just treat it as the army belanja your dinner lor after attending ipt every evening .
people belanja me makan, cannot be ask them send to my house right .
this one i dont eat even if you belanja me .
thanks for belanja moi nice makan and kopi .
she belanja me eat free i oredi very happy and blessed .
i got my cert 25 years ago and haven &apos;t entered a kayak since then .
cos being a stewardess do not need very high qualifications, just standard o-level or n-level cert can liao .
unless you can mandate that every tourist carries a vaccination cert and is willing to produce it on demand .
no marriage cert oso cannot lock him down .
school can ask parents show their psle cert at school .
one day a vaccine cert become more powerful than what poly or degree certificate .
ask them whether cert is genuine or fake .
hello excuse me i have sinkieland birth cert ok ?
siao the cert so ex .
in order to apply for bto, must have rom cert or else cannot get keys .
moi cher say this year crypto will rise .
female cher can be biantai too .
my cher says to stay away from drugs and dont get influence by peer pressure .
but i didnt know the sound was heard by my cher and many superheroes in the school .
tell your cher she dunnid to work so hard oso .
moi oredi reached school, talked to all moi friends and classmates, but moi cher say no evidence i was in school, will reflect me as absent .
sometimes i write in traditional chinese unknowingly kena cher scold .
go ask your cher for advise .
this cher by the way is a hod .
then cher will change tactic and start questioning the errant student . 
last time cher ask me sit beside a boy teach him maths .
moi cher say japan will sink eventually one day .
after lunch, cher ask another class to play musical chairs with us .
bet most of my cher dont even notice me .
my eng cher teached me so i understanded oredi .
previously, the quality of treatment there really cui .
so sinkies last ten years is sibei cui global competitiveness leh .
entire defence totally cui .
why sinkieland parents so cui need to rely on maid .
their variety shows oso very cringy and the host oso sibei cui .
cui until can lose to war torn palestine and other 3rd world countries .
can speak angmo but grammar oso cui, written angmo is lagi cui .
ya its damn cui .
but want to use till cuiz, iphone still the best .
just now is pitch cui now is ball never pump .
moi engrish is most cui .
the battery oso cui .
basically trying to say not they cui but their requirements high .
spain really cui hope they get kicked out fast .
box was cui, item was scratch and used, obvious signs of repair by the look of all the screws .
ajax really cui cannot score against bottom team .
these look even more cui .
cui reading comprehension spotted!
her technical is damn cui .
is always the cui one .
a lot of the openings very cui one, and no guarantee of conversion to perm .
of all beautiful things i &apos;ve seen, she &apos;s the most cui one, both looks and characteristics .
i think my metabolism cui liao .
mine was bumpy oso, the clutch and brake timing sibei cui .
yup, cui to you may not be cui to other people .
cui or not, this is the taste of my childhood .
pay starting out oredi below average for uni fresh grad, worse is the increment oso cui .
samsung last time wan charge me 250 .
i dont wan voucher mah i wan my food .
you wan presidential suite bo .
everything thing oso wan to follow us .
think he wan to score points with his boss la .
like you wan deploy 1 website got a few steps .
i wan a share too .
anyway wonder why they wan come fron such a cold place to our scorching hot place .
please help explode the numbers, moi wan work from home .
not easy i know but if you wan should be can . 
i dont want to merry her, just wan to pcc .
you wan photo from where ?
sorry please be realistic, you wan happiness , work until last day on earth and hopefully clear the debt .
i just wan flat tummy like sec 2 boy body .
i oso wan do it .
moi wan to question her .
zehzeh wan chat with siao lang anot ?
they will tell you see which cca wan take in your kids .
i wan to be the dog .
i only wan to marry 2d waifu .
no wonder you wan see what happen to me .
these days, too sweet people dont wan to buy .
you wan cut hair ?
i oso wan sugar daddy . 
i wan to date mai senpai .  
you wan simi type oso can  .
why still wan this wan that .
you wan to split whose banana ?
those who wan faster stop by .
i wan to be her reindeer and let her ride me . 
why liddat wan ar ?
you can believe what you wan to believe  .
yet you wan to pour all your hard earned cash to one bu that one day may run off with your money find more handsome guys and enjoy life with them .
dont wan my house to feel like datacenter .
if you dont wan kids anymore, can explore vasectomy .
these days all wan to have car .
i dont wan share le .
moi wan log out oso dont allow .
i wan her to play chinese chess with me!
i dont wan distract him can ?
the coach still dont wan sub out daniel .
cause she dont wan to let this tikopei piak .
got queue die die must join .
they like die die want him to come back in 2025 hor ? 
they must die die include sinkieland as comparison lorl .
means that he die die oso wont go back to india .
why so many vaccines die die must be made using the new method leh ?
he die die think that he is not wrong .
no wonder us die die wont allow other countries to use huawei equipment .
cannot come up with any reasonable argument against the aussie but still die die want to ridicule him .
die die dont want to live humble life .
think the question to ask should be why die die must let him into parliament through back door despite his one time historic aljunied loss .
we were much better before the delta, until someone die die must open the gate for ceca to come in .
if die die must get job now, then future graduates how ?
tell them dont go cruise die die must go cruise .
i know some companies die die disallow .
some places may have other means if people do not have a working app but some places do not have other means only die die must use app .
some battles die die must fight .
now finally see angmo version liao, die die must hoot .
die die they dont wan answer his questions  .
gout but he die die still drink beer
i &apos;ll only offer to do that if i know got something urgent happening that period but i die die still want to go overseas .
if die die no choice .
thats why die die last year must hold election .
even if the teacher dont recommend parent die die still insist  .
so why die die wan everyone to jab ?
cos all the national coach appointed die die must use fandi sons by default  .
why die die must stay here let pap chop you all up into pieces ?
screw those orgs that die die must collect personal data but get hacked cos they know the fine is peanuts .
the chiobu ask the doctor to examine her down there to check the health isit ?
not quite sure where isit leh .
bro you fail every comprehension exam in pri sch isit ?
that person thinks fb is the only social media isit ?
wa isit just me, or the text size suddenly increased .
by their logic so the host country is cannot win any medals one isit ?
just give birth isit ?
they think they are in power isit ?
never see women before isit ?
zero case isit no test no case .
moi want to take leh, isit hard to pass now ?
you all short term memory isit ?
you started the game late isit .
you dunno how to read, isit ?
chiu want to be the first to comment and get most likes isit ?
walan, your eyes got stamp isit ?
this is the fries from amsterdam isit ?
this guy isit ?
why, isit you want to lim ?
why the driver &apos;s face so red isit asian flush ? 
you got constipation isit ?
why you dont dare isit ?
the father no contribution to the family isit ?
malu but don’t care, got money i just take .
if you are knowledgeable enough you should know how the world works and what is there to be malu about .
someone of her calibre and statute i think no competitor wants to malu himself herself to compete against our current mother of the nation .
won’t malu us on world stage .
very malu for the big man .
lucky moi not there, sure kena tekan and malu .
ts arh, when your reading comprehension of engrish cmi, please dont malu yourself by misquoting angmo news articles .
will be sibei malu if the boy spread it to others .
they have plenty of incentive to not malu themselves .
dunno who is the malu one .
nothing too malu people get rejected all the time .
maybe cannot really disclose, else malu the party more .
if they want to malu him, i think they would have done it oredi .
dont want malu wait i peng san after the ride .
really is jin malu .
sibei malu until cannot malu .
who dare to malu the government by not applying for license ?
malu to the max!
dont malu yourself la please .
i oso seldom play table, cos scared dunno the rules then malu .
meanwhile have to tahan poked in the nose twice .
you can tahan staying in sinkieland forever without overseas ah .
could you tahan every week waste at least 4 hours stuck in the jam to and from jb ?
end up my mother buay tahan, walk up floor by floor .
truth is i cannot tahan a house that is untidy .
so far, sinkies seem to be able to tahan covid pretty well compared to neighbouring countries .
i will be staying alone, and i am not sure if i can tahan staying with another stranger if i decided to rent the common bedroom out .
you all can tahan no monthly income ?
i cannot tahan his jiao bin face .
every month my bills so high i oso can’t tahan and with covid the more need to drop .
how she tahan so long ?
cannot tahan the wait oredi .
i dunno how you tahan him .
bring her to hawker centre for 3 yearrs then if she can tahan then should be quite safe .
some more their country so small, probably like one of our housing estate, dunno how they tahan .
can i ask, how come her shorts so tiny, wapiang beh tahan .
i stay hdb, condominium, landed then buay tahan move back condominium .
changi airport and sia cannot tahan liao .
if buay tahan go restaurant lorh .
i only have 1 next door neighbour i buay tahan .
just tahan a bit more .
wanna earn money via social media, yet cannot tahan criticisms and negative comments .
better to remain and tahan .
one day, i buay tahan ask him .
me buay tahan liao .
yup i complained to the hr, hr said just tahan, work is liddat .
how can he tahan so long ?
hang around as long as you can tahan, and think hard about what you want to do next .
healthcare buay tahan liao isit ?
i sit down, those behind moi sure buay tahan
chiu stay liao sure kena tekan jialat jialat until they found replacement .
those guailan instructors for sure dare not tekan him .
have you ever seen pap tekan other countries ?
pap gahmen jin satki use tekan method to force sinkies comply .
in other words you only tekan the poor .
no need to tekan or treat them like a second class citizen .
my platoon kena tekan deep deep by pc for one week cos of theft case during bmt .
i hope pap can double down on their effort to tekan sinkies into total obedience and submission .
that was most comforting to me after being tekan for almost a week in the army .
nice way to tekan your town council .
i remember got 1 officer in the movie very fierce always tekan people .
so they have reason to tekan and blame you while not admitting their mistake .
ok means haven &apos;t think of ways to tekan sinkies further yet .
regulars just waiting to tekan people only everyday .
boss take every opportunity to tekan you .
why tekan yourself ah .
see angmo bui bui kena tekan til jialat jin sad . 
ironically using your own money to tekan yourself .
i had friends who were tekan when they were in lower sec then do the same when they were able to .
they just wanna tekan those unvaxxed individuals .
i always say they only dare tekan sinkie .
play rank and tekan nsf to do the job for you .
tekan you jialat jialat .
he tekan me for 30 minutes but in the end, investigation officer eyes turned watery when i told him the facts .
if not some power crazy beng will tekan them just cos .
when in the first place you dont piak, you wear or no wear oso wont tio daiji .
should have good lawyer and tio fine nia .
he tio terminated when number of people complained him to hr .
i thought report says vacinated people can tio covid ?
once tio burn, then will realize .
when school open, primary schools students will tio cos they no vaccine yet .
wait until you tio first .
if you heng you might tio a 5/10 average girl .
either you vaccinate or you wait to tio ba .
last time got one tio exposed on here oso .
or else tio fark jialat jialat by the public .
sit on top of bus, open air more ventilation wont tio covid .
yeah tio detained by isa just to siam reservist .
sadly i confirm tio rejected .
australia bubble oso tio jinx .
how many people tio whack by fan blades in a year ?
still can find new girl to bear his kids even after tio caught .
he come back sinkieland tio charge again in court how ?
only downside is high chance to tio funny disease .
tomorrow see ole tio sack liao impossible now still no sack .
she tio covid she will probably die anyway .
i am sorry but the motorcyclist is the one actually tio sabo by ah pek .
some people want to tio covid first then get vaccinated .
whole point of vax is to mitigate viral load when tio covid .
if i am the government, i will just let them tio and die nia .
you very the sexy
they are very the chio .
oh wow your butter consumption seem very the fast wor .
he very the insensitive .
your ah mah very the drama sia .
this post very the sexist leh .
this kind of xdd probably will do well in life one .
cougars look for 18 yo xdd wor .
must see his wife know how to please his xdd anot .
oh no, hope this xdd is ok .
that xdd is high on drug .
all xmm and xdd as most said is online savvy or rather go malls .
actually she can provide free education to a few xdd .
i kinda think that this clown didnt offer money to ask xdd/xmm follow .
heng moi oso xdd .
what if instead of xmm, it is a young energetic 20 year old xdd who likes guy ?
priest dont pollute the minds of our edmw jc xdds .
this weekend halloween wor, all the xdd and xmm will go out play .
allow jc poly and uni xdd xmm to piak raw and allow polygamy for those who can afford .
xdd, why cant you go for dates like a normal person ?
why you take video of xdd in toilet ?
this xdd is jin jialat, of all female clothes, he take the primary school uniforms .
they hire a lot of xdd and xmm .
where the point middle finger xdd ?
her fans must be those xdd that very long never get to eat meat .
dats moi advice to xdd xmm .
oh i just glanced at mirror and a yandao was staring back at me!
some people think jj lin looks yandao .
depends if you are yandao anot .
then how the yandao and pretty people show off their faces ?
yes i learned before, let see who will be the first yandao and chio bo will post their photo here .
i think you more yandao than him .
heng moi more yandao than the 2 men there .
if you are rich yandao, the zhabor will auto initiate topic .
so many comments say they jin yandao .
not rich not yandao .
yandao but small pp .
cos my friends say moi look more yandao nowadays .
many say i look much more yandao .
all the young yandao and chiobu actors and actresses all have high moral ethics and values!
take moi for example, im not yandao, so no girlfriend lor  .
yandao not really, my looks definitely not my selling point .
probably trying to see if he is really is yandao or really rich .
yandao means women love you unconditionally .
you must be yandao if they message you first .
think sean connery look yandao leh .
you have girlfriend, so you are of cos yandao .
yandao wear what oso yandao .
excuse moi the definition of yandao is handsome not "not bad looking" .
no matter how chio or yandao .
dont forget javier zanetti oso yandao .
do you find them more yandao ?
focus on making yourself more yandao and up your sex appeal would be more practical .
excuse me i am yandao korkor ok .
yandaos wouldnt want to see a lao zhabor .
so many yandao actor to choose from .
not rich and yandao but want beautiful wives .
yandao doesnt mean anyday can get chiobu oso .
he kena banned from cmb before for being too yandao .
wa like this you everytime order from here and they keep send wrong you can eat free!
wa you oso know his address ?
wa that &apos;s damn good price!
wa this one moi will pcc to just the caption alone .
wa messi to leave barca and grealish to join man city for record fee .
wa this one really respect, no need give shit excuses like oredi tried best etc .
wa buky leh, the initial shock i cannot .
wa i miss that era man .
wow she jin horny .
wa you friend is those playboy ah ?
wa this is next level depressing for moi . 
wa got competition . 
wa looks good ah . 
wa bro never thought of that, will try this weekend .
wa you go so many places liao, you can speak thai isit ?
wa who will expect the apps to be fake sia .
wa so it was the security guard who step in to save the day .
wa neighbour no complain meh .
wa you in which industry sia .
wa you know so much of what our actual family situation is like meh  ?
wa this one see liao oso cannot defend the girl sia .
wa got so many sensitive people in this forum who cannot take any joke de .
wa means die die must use their business ar ?
wa jin jialat .
wa another cyberbullying thread ah lol .
wa which girl so lucky get these two high quality choices .
wa didnt know got such threads .
wa rook nice to jiak .
wa jin sad news .
wa this one damn tricky .
wa it’s amazing how the granny can save up so much .
wa sei, how she convinced others to bank transfer her $1 .
i still remember the sales agent were yaya papaya .
when he got a bit of fame and money, he became super haolian and yaya .
one recruiter last time sibei yaya .
wow very yaya this lady and the guy beside .
they oredi illegal trespassing still act yaya .
bro, surely those officers will be very yaya papaya attitude .
he himself never watch season 1 jump in at season 3, dunno wtf is happening still wanna act yaya .
last time why always yaya threaten us on water ?
stay condominium de very yaya correct anot ?
many of them sometimes act yaya papaya .
no wonder foreigners so yaya now .
those who yaya will suddenly get heart attacks if they keep up with their bad karma of cursing people .
he deserves it so yaya papaya .
tiagong the tiongs dont really like her, think she yaya .
super yaya papaya dont even acknowledge presence of sinkies .
a very friendly and nice guy, not those kind will throw weight around or yaya papaya .
dont yaya papaya too much .
the body language is sibei yaya .
that one is typical zhabor behaviour .
that siao zhabor think too highly of herself liao, sibei disgusting .
so that &apos;s why if you see the angmo going after the zhabor you want, its better to give up .
capable zhabor will earn their own $$$, not dream of marry rich guy to leech on him .
last time the zhabor run a bar is wear low cut, smile smile at you, serve you drinks, be friend friend, keep asking you and your friends down to spend money .
my weekends sometimes busy with zhabor .
maybe the lao zhabor start cult is to gather these people than earned from them ley .
why zhabor the name and face hidden ah ?
different zhabor have different underlying motivations .
i am sure if wanna ask how to chase zhabor, you sure expert one .
zhabor are known to cry when kena scolded .
usually married liao, zhabor will become lazy and grow bui .
actually i saw zhabor oso do!
you kena rejected by sinkie zhabors how many times liao .
i was at the entrance texting and she was the only zhabor in the cinema, the rest are guys .
last time in uni do dance activity with zhabor hold her close i couldn &apos;t tahan got erection, heng i was wearing jeans so cant see .
even our late ah gong oso says zhabor child bearing age very important .
all zhabors talk like life ending soon one .
that &apos;s why more zhabor jio me out than i jio them out .
some zhabor 35 oredi look like in their 40s .
unless the zhabor wants to discuss with me how to make more money .
i actually know someone who told me he discuss jav with zhabor .
you never have sinkie zhabors as girlfriend meh .
if a parcel just put on door front anyone can just take and zao easily .
very fast not even 30 secs he zao liao .
to be honest, that day your work finish should be able to zao alrdy .
just diam diam go in twos, eat and zao .
just quickly pick what you want and zao .
then after paying them the 30-40 dollar tip they zao liao .
i thought we tomorrow then zao .
i oso need to zao for lunch liao  .
if everyone go holiday, i 5 something zao liao .
he zao his company email think will oso gone .
now every time we meet, we eat maximum 2 hours and zao .
moi think then just jiaks the oyster, wipe mouth and zao ba .  
here you immediate zao oso need to pay notice in-lieu .
i faster eat finish zao .
if me i will jitao ask for refund and zao .
many sinkies rushing to visit their girlfriends worrying they zao to other men or doing things they shouldn’t be .
i will zao straight liao .
need to have $$ to zao la .
my turn to zao .
frankly most sinkie are just jumping to make a profit and zao .
i oredi bui bui to start with . 
why san antonio women bui bui short short 1 .
see the boyfriend is some bui kia but looks pretty rich macam no need work everyday show his atas lunch .
worried i will uplorry early from diabetes, or other bui bui related problems .
now no more night time exercise that &apos;s why become bui bui liao .
exactly, moi friend is uncle liao, oredi in his mid 40 and is bui bui, how could he be a teen ?
how come the bro open gym still so bui bui ?
some bui bui guys are really nice people oso .
usually those bui bui wrestlers got one chiobu manager .
i so bui liao still organise outing to eat .
in short a rich buibui guy planning to sell high buy low, now ended up sell low, buy high .
even the tiktok bui bui oso 700 likes .
the lizard in moi house eat until bui bui .
you wont understand one unless you oso a bui bui .
im the bui kia staying above .
so why cant a bui bui be health minister ?
retire in taiwan is very shiok .
some people love to see people fail and feel shiok .
i oredi quit in 2010, never smoked a stick since, but i agree smoking the sensation is shiok .
sometimes have very shiok dreams, then get disappointed upon waking up .
the feeling of counting cash is shiok mah .
become cleaner now very shiok liao, edmw say they stand one corner relac as tray return kick in liao .
the only time when you get the shiok feeling of scold people .
but have to say a bit not shiok when she call my fake name in bed .
which feels more shiok, your finger or the ear ?
go higher less responsibility sia, shiok .
cannot understand, like this he shiok ?
quite shiok i eat every week .
today weather jin shiok .
the moment when you collect your ic to the point when you leave the camp is the most shiok .
still, damn shiok to eat it on a cold rainy day, and the fish is quite fresh .
i stopped running for now, just do cardio at home but not as shiok .
uncle look happy and shiok .
but least i felt shiok seeing it was made in italy .
long walk at night during winter, shiok .
if you think its so shiok and easy why dont you join them to be an agent yourself then ?
wont have work to do one, just on laptop and do moi own thing, jin shiok .
cold brew is nice, once in a while drink during warm nights or hot days is damn shiok .
wa those kind the smell most shiok .
why you so shiok can go run while i stay in school till 2am one .
actually stay in hotel really shiok leh .
anyway she &apos;s siao one la .
ya my mother oso siao one .
siao eh, this thread still strong huh .
jipai siao liao
really siao leh this guy .
this guy siao oredi huh ?
end up will be like the siao zhabor mum loh, go around beating people and trashing taxi .
need something from you call you bro, dunnid something from you call you siao eh .
that day dunno why so siao i just decide bring 100k cash go and play .
nus really siao one .
cos got siao mp sibei love animals .
just depends on whether the society can accept and not classify it to be siao enough to need to go imh .
siam family responsibility and push to younger .
wa i thought no more cny can siam them one year then never expect this to happen .
bukit timah people need to siam anot .
now only know how to siam and act retarded .
normally people siam this kind of house .
i think he &apos;s a chao leecher and wants to siam stuffs that he doesn &apos;t like .
if moi is tourist moi will oso siam sinkieland .
in the end if something is different from prediction, they can always say you managed to siam cos of their advice!
see daiji all siam far far .
ya we siam them for their sake!
but oso cannot siam .
now can’t siam oredi .
so he always siam the tougher opponents and go for the easy kills .
you cannot siam it forever unless you dont mind wearing safety goggles and staying away from crowded shopping malls forever .
so i can siam far far from them .
i remember 15-20 years ago, that stretch was so filled with people during weekends that i had to siam to the side alleys to get through quickly .
sinkieland men dont quite know how to siam .
cyclist should use speakers and blast music as well all the time then pedestrians will siam .
he so suave and handsome looking why all the chio bu siam him ?
no epl during cny sibei sian .
chiu say many times oredi rahs, hear until sian .  
cannot travel, wine & dine freely, whole day wear mask buay sian ?
i heard so many variations till sian .
damn sian of all this oredi .
if it is one sided, the guy will be very sian and give up in the long run .
sibei sian i am still working on new year eve .
see liao he oso sian .
sibei sian, i need to travel to listen to him talking rubbish .
this life of growing old, dying and unfulfilled dreams is really sian .
will be sibei scary siol if she found this .
sibei poor thing still need to work in office .
sibei arrogant, liddat might as well close shop .
sibei uncomfortable to wear mask and hard to breathe .
sibei disgusting, want to haolian just openly do it la .
me thought me sibei power wont tio one .
talk until sibei incoherent and confusing .
i only shave one time, sibei itchy when it grows back after that dont shave liao .
walk-in selection is sibei song .
they sibei buay clean one .
sibei jialat, i still cannot login .
must be never live in apartment before so suaku .
moi suaku but what is pretty jane brand ?
all of us straight one stay same bunk bare body walk around in bunk oso bo chup siao why you sounds like so suaku ?
being suaku about these kinda things is not a bad thing .
come in here to laugh at ts for being suaku .
sorry suaku me didnt know have discount if self collect .
by the way some of you guys really suaku .
i suaku, only just discover this function .
knn i see oredi sibei giddy .
if im the family member i would be sibei buay song .
this is how bad their situation now, sibei jialat .
her memory sibei gao lat .
their chemistry sibei tokong .
its oso sibei inconvenient cos there &apos;s only one bus that goes round and round those small roads in pioneer sector .
the boss sibei unhappy cos he say lots of people use the excuse of covid to not meet deadlines and not get work done .
if sibei urgent please wechat .
the rich sibei rich, poor sibei poor .
hsk sibei yaya papaya when answering the questions knn .
see long your eyes sibei strained .
they act sibei nice sibei polite .
tiagong he is sibei smart and study in oxford one .
what he post until tio ban i sibei curious .
the angmo athletes sibei horny one .
that officer sibei ke lian .
any tiny thing she can do herself she oso task others to do, sibei dulan .
by the time they realize they are sibei bui, their body oredi has a lot of damage liao, need more food to feel full .
sibei buay tahan all these people anyhow talk cock without basis and evidence .
i have learnt that even flattery sibei fake, boss oso still like .
everyone is zai in finance .
the car is good but the driver buay zai .
i remembered the htc nexus one was pretty damn zai, might still have it somewhere .
thought they will match the tiongs and show that they are zai kias .
just that they need a very zai defence, a sweeper keeper and a dynamic midfielder .
cos like vivian he looks zai and satki when giving speeches and interviews .
to be honest, he is successful and zai .
i am oso not a study zai person .
the table tennis woman, no matter how zai or how hard she plays, will still walk out of tokyo olympics empty-handed .
very zai, very confident .
highest score can exchange simi free gift ?
the kid knows simi ?
simi lanjiao certificate from nus .
bro, panic simi ?
organically is simi lai eh  ?
tiagong she simi businesswoman
you simi qualification ?
wonder is simi issue .
edmund chen dunno previous life do simi good deed, this lifetime so lucky .
eat simi oso will uplorry sooner or later .
you jiak simi for tea break wor .
liddat keep kena one, the cruise company earn simi sai ?
got simi drama to intro leh ?
doc gave you simi med ?
got simi promo ?
chiu gong simi lanjiao ?
knn, 20 cents, just pay and go la, still wanna cheapskate and ask people pour back somemore, simi sai .
dunnid simi treatment la .
you got simi news ?
thats why old monkey had to promote simi asian values and confucius studies .
buay song go back loh .
people will buay song dig many many things out .
jin song leh whole afternoon rained until evening .
auntie must be very song as today hot day .
during piak piak she oso feel song mah .
please continue to flame me i very song .
song bo kena disseminated .
detained means they have reasons to hold him for questioning until they song .
murtabak oso damn song .
really jin song .
today friday liao, song bo ?
the taxi driver damn suay .
they went hospital check other stuffs then suay suay tio ?
can only say its heng suay .
they took the risk to cheat but suay suay get caught .
later court gives stern warning then suay liao .
the guy damn suay .
and for my case my 2nd jab supposed to be 26 july but suay kena qo .
i think depends on heng suay one .
so damm suay to meet inspection team!
imagine if only a few affected and suay suay you are the one .
and if you suay until kena infected only like flu nia .
i really suay to the max for the past 1 month .
really suay to the max for those two .
i very suay, every time kena female bosses .
current tax payers really jin suay, thought have free treatment, end up only get this shit .
dont think anyone more suay than me .
just that the arrested is just suay .
the normal cyclist jin suay .
this guy damn suay, tio covid almost immediately after quarantine .
old age even if vaccinated kena covid oso will uplorry .
people will not do so unless their family member uplorry in the process then suddenly they will wake up from the dream .
no vaccination, old people kena most likely uplorry .
not sure that company uplorry anot though .
maybe mental stress will worsen his health then uplorry even before he serve his time .
we should let those foreign scholars try out the vaccines first, see whether they will uplorry anot .
think i may retire in a few years time, but i have to make sure i have enough to last till me and my wife uplorry .
did the young punk uplorry ?
you waiting for them to uplorry to inherit the assets but they live till old age still dont uplorry .
now you can uplorry liao .
probably just means large numbers will uplorry .
lets see who uplorry first .
probably kill myself after parents uplorry .
why do nothing and let the vulnerable uplorry due to covid ?
wow why so many people uplorry in the ox year .
more chance to uplorry by jabbing then covid .
huh you mean you dunno he uplorry oredi ?=
he was invited to join buddhist study group, since he pon school he just try .
can keep long hair, dye hair, pon class, play punk!
or just mark attendance and pon class .
paiseh i should clarify that i mean this .
paiseh me never google for exact medical explanation .
i paiseh cos he ended up looking a bit red from the afternoon heat .
sorry paiseh never take note of my ward and bed number .
walan i lagi paiseh now .
i paiseh to reply her .
paiseh never try before, does it means i can install the same app there with different phone number and send invite code to the main app ?
if you feel paiseh to buy condoms then you shouldn &apos;t be having sex .
those that met up with you oso paiseh to tell you .
aiyodamn paiseh why chiu look up to me so much ?
oh paiseh, i thought you mean something else .
paiseh, maths fail, should be 75 million other people . 
as for what roles i applied i paiseh say now cos saying now is as good as telling y’all i’m buey gan at this area since no employers want me .
no need to paiseh .
paiseh forget to mention is a toy that comes with cooling gel .
paiseh, didnt know you &apos;re a lady .
oh paiseh i thought you were complaining .
paiseh i can only recall ns is a privilege .
maybe she see the crowd liao she oso paiseh to just leave .
you not paiseh meh ?
damn paiseh i left over so much food she has to throw away for me .
paiseh, me really don know .
paiseh, will get back to you later .
no foresight, no control, waiting for textbook answers, take high pay buay paiseh .
feeling extremely paiseh, i have yet to ask him any questions .
no need awkward or paiseh .
a bit paiseh if got camera catch me pcc . 
eh paiseh, what i mean is how come the 1st doctor you saw didnt do ecg for you .
paiseh i only heard these 2 before .
wa who brought you shame, paiseh and pain ?
one of my friends just got married and they only paktor for 1 year .
where got time to paktor ?
no excuse to use staircase for paktor oredi .
just curious then how long did you all paktor before living together ?
2 person dining is for couples to paktor and hopefully piak piak for population .
when we go paktor if on weekdays and he wanna send me home i tell him no need cos waste time mah .
still can go paktor just no dining in .
they now oredi paktor liao, go each other place sleep .
think she last time paktor with the korean nationality cheena singer mentioned earlier .
is she learning how to pcc ?
last time oso got some researcher go inside some condominium and pcc in public right ?
yes when i pcc i think of chio bu friends got more feels .
pcc can solve everything dunnid geylang .
can only piak piak, cannot pcc .
if you eat too full nothing to do then go pcc la .
just like pcc to jav very lihai does not means good in piak piak .
dabao cai png, eat oredi play game pcc then koon .
be right back moi wan to pcc to this .
knn pcc oso need to pay money .
lucky everyday moi pcc and kill billions of them haha .
pcc liao of cos tired wanna sleep .
virgin can pcc too .
dont pcc too many times a day ah .
so you prepared to pcc from 35 years old till mati isit ?
if you pcc at the exact right time, your kukujiao will grow to become bigger .
that was when i got real horny and everyday pcc .
maybe he 1 day pcc 10 time until tio cancer ?
pcc to see if you still got full tank anot .
no surprise, pcc has always been a men &apos;s thing mah .
if everytime you think of want to smoke, you go pcc lor .
treat yourself extra meat dish in your cai png put candle sing happy birthday to yourself, blow, enjoy and pcc after .
premature can solve one, by pcc beforehand .
a lot of lao funker pcc in that cinema one .
my proposed solution is - everyone stay at home everyday pcc for the next 2 months .
pcc is ownself song can liao, don’t need care about others .
pcc too much is not good, xdd become not sensitive then cannot have good sex .
pcc daily ok bo ah .
means how long you haven’t pcc liao ?
next time you pcc you try think about that .
relak and enjoy your dinner .
just that when you relak again, cases will go up, just a matter of time .
to be honest, all my previous company jobs all quite relak too .
spend time to relak during this period .
we all can sit down relak and eat popcorn ?
i rather relak at home drink whisky .
means it was just a relak run .
whether to relak safety measures does not depend on this .
when you want to relak just close your eyes and look at your life .
moi plan is to relak lie down read .
any country oso can relak mask restriction to falsify a sense of confidence to people outside .
work is very relak la but no progression this place .
relak and stay calm .
maybe relak dine in in outdoor places to 1-2 pax per table .
relak la dont fight .
can sit back relak watch the game woohoo .
things to do with safety must be very careful cannot afford to be relak one .
i think sinkie life too relak and strawberry .
next day morning feel nausea and weak shaky hand but took some relak med then ok .
drawback of vaccine is that people think it is 100% effective and start to relak .
most people desire a slower pace and more relak lifestyle one la .
so i rather sit back and relak .
eat shells and use roti soak the sauce to fill tummy ?
he can continue to sell roti, eggs and kopi for all i care .
me jiak roti and coffee as always .
go home eat your roti .
stay home and eat roti ?
quite flat like the roti .
moi want to piak the one on the right .
he will be having 1 last piak with her before he tells her to break up .
supermodels wont piak with you .
maybe she waiting for end of the games can piak piak other athletes .
both are real life lesbians but probably piak more kukujiaos than any straight girls in their lives  .
the man that got her pregnant enjoy the free piak while you take care of the aftermath ?
all of us will go if booster jab is required for hotel 81 piak piak .
the rope hit the floor and with echo from the ceiling give piak sound .
just want piak and not those soul mate they are seeking .
she like to piak piak on the counter ?
go buy one if possible else quite mafan to heat up .
liddat jin mafan leh .
the process to apply is so mafan and not user friendly .
just to add on , the bigger the dog is , the more mafan it is .
if too mafan then say no to wife and kids .
very mafan not everyone is tech savvy .
very mafan for that few dollars that wont even make a difference .
as an intern, i did saikang .
who would do this kind of saikang ?
seriously real faker ask me do saikang and still want to come up with lame excuses .
all sort of saikangs oso they can ask you do .
reminds me of female colleague who always text male colleague to arrow him do all the saikang .
can’t wait to pass the saikang to the next 4g .
last time i saf oso do saikang as nsf .
do more saikang oso wont get higher salary .
not some saikang which nobody wants or can be done by juniors .
sekali im a 100 years old ah mah behind the screen .
sekali tomorrow 0 case .
but chiu better watch out, sekali the subsequent booster shots are the kill shots  .
sekali go inside there even more lagi will kena sick la .
sekali inside got real person .
sekali she is the advance party sent in to dismantle the keyboard army .
sekali they released fake aliens news .
he do all these lanjiao things, sekali in the end kena pwn by wife .
sekali is a guy make use of her pictures ?
sekali is his die hard fan imitating him .
sekali no uniform to wear today .
sekali those who take only 1 shot will kena more jialat ?
sekali me is know chiu all too .
sekali people dont dare to bully her wor .
sekali you dont even understand your own thoughts hence cannot elaborate your points .
sekali people dont even care about you .
sekali more dead from vaccine than virus .
sekali he sell his lambo still got landed and chiobu wifu to piak .
sekali one of the riders kena tyre pangchek  .
sekali is at any point in time, the benefits will always outweigh the risks .  
sekali real name is daniel .
sekali he oredi tio before .
sekali is reverse psychology so she can say she oso can travel and stay those places .
don’t want sekali got to show local company sponsor letter etc .
sekali she later go marry angmo .
sekali she cheena spy .
sekali this is new form of advertising and marketing .
sekali is real leh, then how ?
moi dont mind apply suntan lotion all over her body .
moi never watch, the score quite low haha i only see the poster interesting .
moi doing wisdom tooth removal with sedation, plus fillings for 5 other teeth .
is moi racist ?
yes moi did that last time as advised by moi chef friend, but find it troublesome so moi just do the easier way .
moi getting popcorn .
this breed of parrots known as conures are super noisy, moi got one at home, sometimes it screams near moi ears can feel ear drums pain one .
just feel hor no matter how hard moi tried, moi is hard to compete with people who came from jc or poly .
moi first gameboy was gameboy yellow .
for moi is buky la .
moi will donate all moi winnings to pap, so they can win 2025 elections .
moi prefer this way, direct, dont play with words, just be frank with own citizens .
moi go expo see see look look, the prism monitor quality is cui .
moi pri sch that time got this .
heng moi study in real satki angmo schools .
be right back, moi go and use my imagination .
i just want to air moi armpits la .
moi confident moi can compare with their 1-2 years experienced hire . 
moi is fully vaccinated but i will not visit shopping malls liao, hope all the business toh and economy die .
but moi is too stunned to react and speak in that atmosphere .
i wish got people want to pinch moi cheek lorl .
moi still got 3 years worth of stock .
moi came in expecting to see ice-cream  .
only real virology sexperts and genius like moi can see what they are doing, and i tell chiu its the difference between playing 3d chess and tic tac toe .
please don’t chop moi kukujiao .
moi got try but taste a bit weird, so moi still stick to soy milk .
moi need to wait some more years before i old enough to answer this question by ts .
moi last time work with japanese in japan companies .
used to jio my ex-colleague to makan there .
usually car park full in front cos a lot of taxi uncle &apos;s park there to makan .
by the way whats the rule for cny eve makan session at parent &apos;s place all from different household .
government wanna makan your business, you oso cant do anything about it .
it was damn awkward during makan and i have no one to talk to throughout the session .
thanks for exposing my secret makan place .
yeah, my sis and her husband often come to my area for makan .
moi want become pacman and makan her .
the only important thing is makan only, other things all not important .
dont wanna disturb them when they makan, same like how i wouldnt want to be disturbed when i makan .
last time i see social distancing officers reminding patrons about their masks at makan places .
jio her to makan what ?
we want our cheap makan cheap groceries and cheap petrol .
my makan and transport expenses more than offset the slight increase in my utility bill .
i have girlfriend makan with me .
so if i walk off after makan leaving the trays on the tables, do i commit an offence ?
no wonder people like you easily makaned .
why dont you treat me to makan ?