This is how the gahmen works.
She working in gahmen?
Their gahmen must have printed money like there's no tomorrow.
I am getting that oso.
Now outside oso crowded.
Yesterday moi jiak Italian restaurant.
Walao I only got money jiak Saizeriya.
Well done best way to jiak steak.
Heng my nature walk here not much people almost no one very relaxing and can enjoy the walk.
Heng moi not planning to have children.
Very heng my kids all girls.
Chiu ish trying to be cute or funny?
Because chiu question ish cui.
I see I can afford anot.
If throw merlion in water, will drown anot?
He kena scolded.
Don't listen to me, later you will kena.
He tio cancer.
Sad sia, so young tio cancer.
Isn’t it clear to sinkies already.
By the way got Sinkie acting in the show!
Too big and distracting isit?
Isit cos lower wages?
Is jin fast leh.
Queueing in the great outdoors is jin xiasuay.
Any girl wanna date moi?
Looks good to moi.
Wah sibei bloody violent wor.
You know how sibei wasteful SAF is.
This one is indeed sibei ugly.
Is it the chio xmm?
Tiagong xmm love to hug it.
How I know who is the chio xmm that you wanted to jio.
But why his cheena also so cui.
How could you go clubbing and bojio me?
You really type in chim English.
Why use such chim words when he himself also don't seem confident in saying it.
No marriage cert oso cannot lock him down.
Siao the cert so ex.
I just got arrowed to do this task again.
Wa this Henry damn guailan, everything also tell me cannot.
Stop stealing my food, later I dulan ah!
See liao damn dulan sia.
Cannot suka suka walk in I think.
The lanjiao may end up giving the noob the wrong info to sabo him.
Why do these lao zhabor want or need to get married if they dont want kids?
I remind them until buay tahan oredi.
Very mafan but that seems to be the only way I see it.
Sekali he's actually up there go command school type.
PAP dont want malu so start hiding case count and pray kumgong tourists will come in.
This time he confirm die already.
Don't suan me la. I know you confirm score higher than me one.
This plate of chicken rice damn shiok.
I lost an arm-wrestling challenge to a girl, damn lao kui.
Your computer got virus or not?
Yesterday, Marina Bay Sands got so many people one!
This bus got air-con anot?
He play football also very good one leh.
Cannot anyhow go like that one leh.
When he was in school, he always get good good marks one.
I do everything by habit one.
Don't worry, he can one lah.
Got full marks for Math now come hao lian la!
My workplace really like rojak. Got people from a lot of countries.
Still got siaolang watch Mediacorp?
Korean gahment got invest in Pfizer boh?
How come like that one?
How come today you never hand in homework?
They never study, isit?
Don't listen, later you kena punish then you know.
I go home liao then call you.
You never give me what!
I never punch him what!
The food there not bad what, can try lah.
I like this one oso.
I try so hard oso cannot do.
This Saturday we go to the beach, on?
Who more powerful?
Thread starter you very rich.
You got wife anot?
No problem, got money can do wonders here.
No offense, but looks like shit.
They good in bed can oredi.
Still don't own house.
She sure horny.
Your cousin still alive?
At least one got true power.
He drive what?
Darth Vader good or bad?
Just saw the trailer like not bad.
Wow I'm impressed, looks good wor.
Eh, need to find the carpet?
Of course no one talk about it la.
So simple stay with you in the same room lor!
So not use to it siah.
Now already move onto COVID-19 passport liao.
Anyways renting a room in 40s is a minor red flag bah.
Wa looks good leh.
Can post on social media and haolian mah.
You forgot that active lifestyle is the current trend meh?