but when i finally do, it'll be the years biggest shit so far
i've been pissing out my ass all fuckin day.
bold of you to assume i'm going to take a shit this year.
we have guests and i literally can't relax.
i caught a diarrhea stomach bug and have been either in bed or on the toilet since about 7pm new year's eve.
it's now 22 hours later and i'm still trying to let go of all of last year's shit.
someone send help.
i’m letting go right now as i type.
"fuck you, i won't poo when you tell me"
everyone now thinking about the last time they pooped.
i do what i want, buddy.
i’m constipated .
free bobby shmurda
waiting for the apple store to open
let’s see who can go the longest in 2019 without taking a shit.
my therapist says it’s because i have a hard time letting things go 
it won't come out.
i just realized i haven't pooped today.
obligatory thanks for the gold n' sliver.
and my most upvoted comment is about poopin'  #hashtag!
i was actually sitting on the toilet at midnight.
 new year, same shit.
i have trust issues 
i’ve poop twice since 2019 started, take that 2018!
your shit can’t hold me back any longer!
i literally read this as i sat down for my first 2019 poop.
i took imodium for its labeled purpose yesterday evening and it is still working.
alcohol makes me constipated :p
i did an enema yesterday and didn't eat.
2019's first poop will be from food from 2019.
funny you should ask.
i don't poop at work
because, much like 2018, i don't give a crap in 2019.
woke up at 3am because i caught the stomach virus my daughter and my son had.
i’ve lost like 4 pounds in the last 12 hours thanks to pooping and vomiting.
wahoo, back under my pre-pregnancy weight.
it won't let go of me!
ask this fucking annoying body of mine
i'm not ready to release the humongous 2018 crap out yet.
then 2019 is official, right now, as i typed this.
sigh) happy new year!
decided to go to the hospital for chest pains from2018.
hooked up to iv adavan and torrsomething.
maybe ill make it out of here alive or not.
im 40 bday in 5 days to 41.
non smoker no drugs or alchohol.
diet in 18 was fish chicken and veggies plus half gallon of water a day.
no high b pressure.
no diabietes no high ldl.
i walked in to er.
before coming in neededto buy groceries.
bought apples blueberries rasberrys plus 2 salmon steaks (for if i get home tonight).
so i open up reddit as i'm taking my 1st 2019 shit.
cause i only shit every 2-3 days
had a morning poop and an afternoon poop.
 both very nice!
i pooped immediately after my 5 am shower.
real shitty way to start the new year.
10/10 quality shitpost
the past haunts me no matter how hard i push.
by the time i was half way reading this headline i became disqualified from answering this question.
too much turkey and stuffing and potatoes.
my stomach is a brick.
everybody remember to not pee for "don't pee january"
i’m beginning to see the demons.
we can comment on old posts again!
i dumped that shit 2 years ago.
good thing too because covid took all the toilet tissue.
i just unloaded all of last years shit.
damn this post isn't even old enough to show the number for upvotes and it's on the front page with platinum
i had a homemade edible last night, when it decides to break free my bathroom is going to smell like snoop dogg’s chill spot.
it’s been 39 days,  i should probably see a doctor
i had a donner kebab last night sunshine.
no fucking way i could hold onto that for long.
launched this morning like a chilean mudslide.
reddit finally removed archiving!
i ate a ribeye at 2am last night.
things are processing slowly.
i had surgery a week ago and the stitches are located right at the top of my buttcrack.
at first, pooping was something that my stitches could handle, but the last 2 days have been a nightmare.
every time i bend the wrong way, including sitting on the toilet, my incision bleeds.
seeing the doctor tomorrow, but until then- no pooping for me.
did anyone mention poop knives yet?
why is this the top of all time
somewhere out there, somebody has made the biggest poop of the year.
and they don't even know it.
and the smallest shit.
you have had this account for 4 years and the only posts on it are fairly disturbing.
shitting through the eye of a needle.
username checks out 
the intoxicated version of myself doesn’t have a lactose intolerance but unfortunately the sober version does and has to deal with what the former ate.
got a case of the beer shits, eh?
my arsehole looks like a chewed orange.
liquor shits are the worst.
bottling it up is not healthy!
fun fact, if you don't poop for long enough it will literally back up into your stomach and you will throw up shit and become septic.
i knew a woman on methadone who became so constipated she stopped pooping and didn't do anything about it until she started vomiting up shit and almost died.
i can't even imagine what the process of clearing 28ft (8.
53m) of mostly hard dried up shit from your intestines is like after that if you survive
you guys gearing up for don't-pee-january?
ahhh, i see i'm not the only one with poop anxiety 
while friends were here today for football, i snuck away for my own bowl game.
go somewhere else.
this is the test of a true friend.
you could shit in my guest bathroom any old time buddy, you hang in there
i can't relax when strangers are around.
it's not just pooping it's a my time to relax!
i can't poo nowhere but home.
i just don't feel comfortable enough.
aw man what a terrible way to spend nye!
i hope you feel better soon bud!
i was puking all day saturday.
i couldn't keep down even water and thought my skin looked a strange color so i thought i should go to the doctor.
was extremely weak too.
some anti-vomit/nausea medicine and an iv and i felt better in a few hours.
i kinda wonder if i actually should have gone or if i should have toughened it out for 24 hours and hoped to get better.
i have no one to take care of me while i'm sick and i was worried of becoming "too sick" too.
i live in socal seems to be going around the us?
weird thing is that i hardly go out and get in contact with people.
like i can pinpoint exactly where i got it from and when.
which was when i went out for some fast food on friday night.
it was my favorite place so maybe one of the employees got sick a few days earlier and didn't wash enough?
or a customer got sick and their sick germs were all over the place.
i do know the norovirus is extremely contagious.
was also wondering if i should call them and tell them i got the stomach flu from their place or not.
never trust a fart.
the exact same thing happened to me.
we're in this together!
stay hydrated, bud.
that was me too this nye (mine started at 5:30am) but i had both the diarrhea and vomit.
so much for going out to a party with my crush instead i was asleep before 11pm.
i had that same bug.
it hit me wednesday night last week.
i was fortunate not to vomit, i hate vomiting.
but i shit a stream for 4 hours last wednesday night, most of the day thursday i slept (14+ hours) and didn't feel quite right most of the day saturday and sunday.
early in the hours of monday am, i farted in my sleep and i felt it, i shit myself with a liquid fart, and proceeded to have a relapse of diahrea for another 2 hours.
fortunately, i caught just a small bit of it and didn't make any mess outside of my sleep shorts.
i felt terrible monday, and put myself on the brat (bananas, applesauce, rice, toast) diet for the day yesterday, and today i feel like a new man.
auto corrected word.
same shit happened to me too, but i can't hold onto anything i eat, comes back up.
man is that just spreading around?
i got one on christmas and it ended up being all of us just throwing up and diarrhea for days 
finding it, that's not the hard part.
it's letting go.
i don't know, the content is really only about crap from last year.
good, time to take that 2019 air in
happy cake & poop day!
rage against the latrine.
i cant believe my first gold is a shitty pun.
thanks everyone and happy new year!
bowels on parade.
"and now you poop when they tell ya!
ahh, everyone's favorite ratm song, pooping in the name
release the bowels of hell open
# fuck you i wont poo when tou tell me
"what does the billboard say?
poo and play, poo and play!
forget about the movement"
"and now you poo when they told ya.
what a shitty thought 
when you have a caffeine addiction you don't need to think that far back.
nah, i was already thinking about it.
i decided to hold it in until i go back to work on the 7th.
no, because i’m reading this while i poop.
it's not good to hold on to things for too long
couldn’t give a shit
just down a big bottle of tobacco, should clear ya right up.
or these brownies my roommate made, they are really delicious.
yes i know, i'm not changing it though
i'm the same, it fucking sucks, couldn't enjoy last night party because of it
fiber, coffee, laxatives, repeat.
i haven't shit since friday.
i've had 2 laxatives, 2 stool softeners, and a glycerin suppository.
couldn't shit until today, and it was only a little bit  i know that's too much information but it's last year's information so it's outdated anyway.
try drinking coffee.
it works as a laxative for 30-40% of the population.
funny i saw this because i just spent 30 minutes googling solutions before opening reddit.
i’m already chronically constipated but it’s real bad rn which sucks cos i’m on vacation and hate feeling so bloated.
username checks out
going to be waiting for a while, want me to send a care package?
make sure you use the door, they never open windows.
r/opiates is probably gonna win that one.
i remember when i went to camp as a kid, i didn't poop the entire time.
i didn't even know that was possible, but i just didn't have to go.
i went three weeks without pooping, a couple of years ago.
i then had an abdominal x-ray and i was literally full of shit!
it was not a pleasant few weeks.
i have ulcerative colitis and sometimes when the disease flares everything just backs up.
develop a severe eating disorder and you'll learn what it's like to poop 4 times a month.
i'll hold your hand to help you out
is your username an play on blueeyeswhitedragon from yu-gi-óh?
push, but don't forget to breathe in between pushes .
drink some water, eat some fiber, take a walk
make a pot a coffee and give it 10 minutes.
edit thanks for the gold!
did you not drink last night?
i purposely started peeing in 2018 and finished in 2019
i took a shit about 20 minutes before midnight.
then my dog started freaking out because my neighbor decided 11:40 was midnight.
tried to console him through the door then spent the rest of the night cuddling with him.
best new years ever.
we can try and help relieve at least one issue
take no shit from 2018!
i took two (had to travel all day) and i’m not even 100% sure i needed them.
by the time i get to poop we’ll have left the eu.
it does the complete opposite to me.
the beer shits is literally a pain in the arse 
just have a cuppa coffee, cleaned my pipes riiiiiiight out
enemas are a wild ride.
the first time you have one they say expect the second wave but no one expects the second wave
prepping for potential butt sex?
you should, boss makes a dollar, you make a dime, that's why you poop on company time.
not really the way to do it, but congrats i guess?
i’m always a little grateful for the stomach flu.
it’s hell but who doesn’t like losing 5 pounds?
live for the salmon steaks!
sounds like you're trying to make the right changes for your health.
i hope you'll make it out, and have the chance to keep working on yourself.
you can get away with a lot when you're younger, but it starts to catch up with you, even when your numbers were all "good" in your 20s and 30s.
i had to lose a lot of weight in my 20s, and i'm still far from perfect, but i know how hard it is to make some of those changes.
don't let this setback get you down.
do what you need to do for your health.
i fucked up a lot, but it's the cumulative effect that makes the difference.
you'll get through this, and 2019 is going to be awesome for you.
 only time in my life i’ve been completely pain free was hooked up to an iv drip of that good shit.
oooooh same and everyone thinks that’s so fucking weird.
are you the rimjob_steve?
okay, so i'm not crazy.
literally just posted on /r/nostupidquestions because i was confused as fuck.
you can use your hands
what a wonderful time to be alive
i made my biggest poop of last year right in between christmas and new year's- first time i could say that i filled the bowl to the waterline
it has intruged me oh what the fuck
was the last sentence of your comment a description?
bold of you to think i am botteling it up
that was not a fun fact at all.
i didn’t poop for a couple weeks a few months back.
when i finally went to the hospital they gave me a pill to put up my butt and a jug of cherry flavoured laxative to chug.
that’s legit horrifying.
that's enough reddit for me for today.
i wonder how you get the taste of your own poop out of your mouth?
i don't fully understand.
wouldn't you just be throwing up normal vomit for the most part?
i thought it doesn't actually become "shit" until the nutrients have been absorbed by the intestines.
wouldn't you just vomit anything you eat at some point, because it has nowhere to go (e.
your at-capacity intestines)?
i'm on methadone and normally i shit every 2 - 3 days pretty regularly as my dose has been the same for a few months, however the last week or two i've gone maybe once.
because of your comment i'm going to buy some laxatives tomorrow, i refuse to be throwing up shit lol.
the more dangerous symptom is perforated intestines, which is caused by it not being able to hold it all so it bursts.
that leaks the poison in the intestines to the outside of the intestines and you can die.
facts i didn't need to know for 2000 alex
i consider wolves to be stronger and deadlier than coyotes
i went overseas and couldn’t poop for the whole week long trip.
i really tried but no go.
you’re not alone 
my anxiety causes me to poop.
it's going around out here.
some people are puking too.
i haven't done that, and i feel a little better than i did yesterday, so i think it's waning.
you might even say.
it was a shitty way to spend nye.
if you're already feeling better it sounds like you made the right choice by going.
don't ever underestimate the power of dehydration.
i'm glad you're doing better already!
happy new year :)
but my sister's whole family had it last week and they're 3 hours west of me.
i don't have anyone to take care of me either.
i miss my mom in times like this.
oh man me too but i ended up on the er.
er on dec is a fucking gong show.
i always go, if i can't keep anything down, i go.
i was hospitalized once for norovirus and dehydration, so i don't mess around.
last time i went, i got a script for an antinausia med and they told me i could come back to be hooked up to a saline drip in the future (instead of going to the er, going to their iv room thing).
i'm scared to eat.
what do you recommend?
i tried eating instant noodles (soft and soupy).
i thought i was feeling better but it all came out and had indigestion all night.
so far i'm surviving on saltine crackers and coconut water.
grapes seem kind to me so far, but my stomach is still making noises.
so you're patient zero?
i'm coming to kick your ass as soon as mine stops spraying.
will you pay me for it?
let the past die.
risky click of the day 
my niece makes me watch this movie all the time.
and now i won't be able to sit through this song without associating it with poopoo.
i can't believe you did this.
better than having the front page clogged with reposts.
2019 air smells like shit
that made me fucking laugh so hard.
why is this shit so funny, fuck i am such a manchild.
thanks for my first gold kind stranger, happy new year!
shitting in the name of
comment of the year.
no better place than here, no better time then now
this is ingenious.
i'll be using this line at some point in my life, it may be 20 odd years later, but i'll use it and probably claim it.
why doesn’t this have more upvotes?
i gave you mine.
the old spicy twicey.
"and it burns, burns, burns!
the ring of fire, the ring of fire.
i’ve enjoyed spicy food my whole life, but i never experience heat on the way out no matter the spiciness of the food.
is that normal or am i a no-spicy-on-the-way-out poop freak?
is it all caffeine, or just coffee?
because i don't think that pop or energy drinks have the same effect on me.
i definitely pee a lot more.
but i think it's just coffee that makes me punish the porcelain.
that and throwing in a chew.
why am i typing all this out.
i had diarrhea today
the 7th, lucky you.
i’m back in tomorrow.
im laying in bed now holding back tears and trying not to sleep yet because once i do then that’s it, up in the morning, back to work.
tell that to my les paul in 60 years.
i’m not your pal fwiend
did you mean tabasco?
i’m choking trying to swallow this tobacco.
ive got a few bottles of tobacco.
should it be dried or fresh?
 there's dozens of us!
a couple works wonders
no one wants to be a party pooper.
also eat less meat.
he's a giants fan too so he really likes shitty products
i'm on oxycodone because i had my tonsils taken out.
haven't pooped in 7 days.
i don't feel constipated though.
i've been on mostly a liquid diet.
oh i didn't know opiates would do that
former heroin addict.
on suboxone now, can confirm.
my ass bleeds almost every time i take a shit.
oh god after my leg surgery.
it was titanic when it finally happened.
had jaw surgery and was on morphine for a couple days, also was on a liquid diet.
i was given laxatives and was made to drink berry juice.
didn’t have a shit for three weeks.
when i was finally able to bang one it was this disappointing little squiggle.
ive been there chief.
took a 9 day trip to nyc including travel time.
didnt poop once, ate three meals a day.
just didn't need to go.
i've done 14 days personal record.
would not recommend.
wait youre telling me its not normal to poop once every one or two weeks?
literally done that all my life
this guy is lost and missing.
someone send help.
a smart, frugal champion!
it takes sheer will and power to control your digestive tract.
every calorie and sweet nutrient must be wrung out into your large intestine.
i am personally running at 98% currently.
i poop every 2 months and it is so processed it has the consistency of a small handful of raisins.
itt: i learn that apparently pooping 3-4 times a month is not normal, and i should get this checked out.
everyone talking about pooping like every other day is wild, guess i never really thought to compare with other people
i can be your hero, baby.
yes and you’re the first person to ever realize that without me telling!
but don't push too hard.
hernias are a real thing.
push, but don't forget to breathe in between during pushes .
holding your breath while pushing or exerting force increases intra thoracic pressure and vascular resistance making one prone to hemorrhoids.
 additionally, it's a great way to stimulate a vaso-vagal response slowing down the heart and lower blood pressure.
 you could literally pass out from pooping if you strain.
go to an important meeting that you can't escape.
i can confirm the walk thing.
after eating a lot of fibre i took my dog for a walk.
big fucking mistake.
my cramps were so bad and i was already halfway through my walk, how was i gonna get back without shitting myself?
so i staggered back home with the dog, and with each passing cramp pain i could feel the poop pushing through.
i barely got home before i sat on the toilet and my ass exploded.
i am definitely a coffee pooper.
i work nights so i haven't been up too long.
time to get cracking on making some butt brownies.
how is it like being able to poop every day?
i legit poop once  every 3 days 
don’t forget the cigarette
i welcomed in the new year sitting on the throne
dont forget to drink the coffee too
no, i drank last night.
that why i am surprised i don't have the booze shits today.
then again i didn't get loaded either.
just comfortably buzzed.
january 1st and you’re already achieving your dreams this year.
why does one "do an enema?
i recommend coffee enemas for maximum satisfaction and a rush.
i have ibs so my approach is slightly different.
boss makes a dollar, i make a dime, that's why i poop 16 times a day.
how do you know if i have hands?
a friend of mine left a 12-15 inch long shit that had to be at least 3 inches thick in a bowl years back.
literally ripped his asshole delivering it.
about 6 of us were standing over the toilet in speedos perplexed by what we saw in front of us.
probably a solid 3 minutes of us just staring at shit before our coach broke our trance by asking us what the hell we were all doing.
did it get clogged
'to attach my scrotum to my sister's face, should i use staples or glue?
clearly no rich men will be entering his kingdom of god.
gives a whole new meaning to the passage.
thank heavens no!
are you keeping it in a bag?
you still have a long way to go to beat randy marsh.
guess you can say you really didn't give a shit
i didn't poop for over a week while traveling once for some reason.
as soon as i got home i took the biggest shit of my life.
so am i to understand that all i actually need to do to achieve my entire 2019 weight-loss goal is acquire a butt plug \check\ and mix a little cheeky laxative into a bottle of cherry tango?
i work in medical records and once saw a patient's procedure listed as "manual removal of fecal impaction".
never have i been so glad i'm not a doctor.
it sounds like just reaching in their ass and pulling out the poo, but no way am i going to look it up to confirm.
gargle with your tears.
just refreshed myself on the topic and found out why shit comes out.
fecal vomiting occurs when the bowel is obstructed for some reason, and intestinal contents cannot move normally.
peristaltic waves occur in an attempt to decompress the intestine, and the strong contractions of the intestinal muscles push the contents backwards through the pyloric sphincter into the stomach, where they are then vomited.
fecal vomiting can also occur in cats.
fecal vomiting does not include vomiting of the proximal small intestine contents, which commonly occurs during vomiting.
it sounds like the shit from the large intestine is actually pushed backwards from contractions in an attempt to free stuff up but it ends up moving its way all the way to the stomach.
it's apparently normal to have the stuff from your small intestine come out when you are doing normal everyday vomiting and it becomes fecal vomiting when the contents of the large intestine make their way to your stomach
get miralax or the generic version of it (you'll want the generic since it's cheaper) with propylene glycol as the active ingredient.
it's not a stimulant laxative and instead works by drawing water into the intestine which will soften your poop.
because of this, you can take it daily without consequences unlike other laxatives which will cause your bowels to not function well without the drug and it is very safe.
it might take a day or two after taking it to work, but if you take it daily your shit will become regular and will become the consistency of soft serve ice cream.
you can shit a pound of shit in like 2 seconds when you take that stuff regularly because it comes out so easily lol.
i used to be on methadone maintenance years ago, which is how i knew the shit vomit lady, and made a couple trips to the er myself and had crap shoved up my butt there before i found miralax and never had a problem again.
i have become a proponent for the stuff ever since.
the main reason you get constipated on opiates is because your intestines relax on them and stop pushing as much (there's opiate receptors in them so they pretty much get high too in a way, it's also why opiates make people nauseous at first as that relaxation can cause nausea to those not used to it) and while your poop sits there your body is constantly drawing the water out of it until it's so hard that it can't really move.
propylene glycol fixes the root of the problem by forcing your body to push water back into them so your poop can soak it in and become soft again, so soft that it can freely move through them even with them being relaxed from the opiates
good to know im not the only one.
i get poop anxiety as well especially at work!
had a coworker that couldn’t poop in the stall if anyone else was in the bathroom.
 he confided this in me.
 one day, i decided since i make a nickel, boss makes a dime, i was gonna poop on company time.
 entered the bathroom, one stall occupied, nbd, i’ll just use the other.
 as soon as i sit down i hear the other person get up to leave.
i call my poop-shy friends name out softly followed by a few fake coughs to save myself from any potential awkwardness of it not being him.
 he then calls my name out in return.
 he ends up being comfortable enough to do his duty.
 it was a beautiful moment.
 maybe i’ve found my calling?
there's nothing worse than when it's coming out both ends, i've had actual food poisoning once and think i would rather die than deal with that again.
you’re a sweet person.
such a wholesome comment!
dehydration is serious and i’ve been close to the emergency room a few times.
especially when alcohol is involved.
i don't do pay per poo.
the feeling of letting it go should be worth more to you than any monetary value that i could offer
if you're good at something, never do it for free.
kill it if you have to.
don’t hold it back anymore.
this too shall pass.
you don't breathe through your butt?
sees your inhaling butthole and winks and giggles .
what's a cute lil cupcake like you doing around these parts?
i logged in just so could upvote it
it's all shits and giggles until some one giggles and shits.
their guts are fried
i now know my new favorite phrase for thai.
thank you stranger 
and to think that if i decided to start scrolling through reddit just 5 minutes earlier, i may never have read this absolute glorious phrase.
some people are just more efficient at breaking down the capsaicin, so they don't experience any burning when they poop after spicy food.
also, capsaicin only effects mammals :)
some types of coffee makes me poop almost immediately.
why am i typing all this out.
this last detail really made me chuckle
i drink 24-48 oz of coffee aday but it doesn't make me shit.
do i need to drink more coffee, i just shit at 5am every morning.
caffeine and hot liquids, if i drink caffeine free pop im fine but if i have a coke or redbull forget about it.
add some snus or juul hit and its game over
thank you for sharing, semenpenis.
if you start a revolution and overthrow the government by next week, you'll be able to create a new national holiday so people can unwind a week after new year's.
i'm not saying you should do it, but if you were already thinking about it, that's another point to consider.
for those who don't know: a les paul is a type of lesbian guitar
jan 1, 2079: 91-year-old man yells at stranger's guitar about letting go of old shit.
claims something called 'reddit' told him to do it.
i'm not your friend dude 
both should work
it's fucking painful
i was on morphine (after breaking my leg and having surgery) for a week without any laxatives.
i think it was 7-10 days before i pooped and it was horrible!
at one point i couldn't push anymore and my butt tried sucking it back up.
had to break that shit off because i'd gone through so much trying to get it out.
for my following surgery i was on oxy and made sure i was given laxatives.
i did not want to go through that again.
i’m on oxycodone too!
except mine is because i got cancer last may, and it’s to help with the horrible pains of chemotherapy and radiation.
the constipation is awful lol
yeah, i'm a 12+ year heroin user, so i know all too well about the arizona cans once every 10 days.
i've gotten better the past 2 years of letting myself get sick enough to get it out before getting right.
lack of funds helps that too lol.
did you drop a 50lb log after getting home, or was it spread out over several quick shits in one day?
you were probably given opioids which would have made it pretty easy
i poop once every week or two and i always thought it was normal.
is that really something i need to get checked out?
i have a mate like this.
poops every thursday.
and when he does.
his fam goes out for breakfast :)
it sounds like you've got lazy bowel syndrome or ibs-c, but yes, get that checked by a professional because that's not normal (or healthy).
it might just be a case of getting some of the lighter laxatives like psyllium husk to naturally encourage your stools to move through your intestines a bit quicker.
i can kiss away the pain
well, it's an honor my good sir.
there's something i wish i could erase from my memory.
just need to throw a giant fuck you to midnights in here.
 i hate rarely seeing the sun.
i shit at 5am every day, well 7am on weekends.
wake up contacts, shit, shower, coffee and swear at the morning.
and the sugar free haribos
perhaps the biggest thing i miss about smoking was that grand morning ritual of coffee, smoke and a quick, easy shit.
and seven cans of monster
imagine the people who were pooping in 1999 going into 2000.
and that's why i took a poop, for the 16th time.
how does a double amputee know when to stop wiping?
when i was a sophomore in high school, i decided to use the school bathroom.
normally, i would never do this for 2 reasons.
1, i hate using public bathrooms period.
unless i cleaned it, it's disgusting.
2, i've had bowel issues all my life where i wont be able to go for a week at  a time, sometimes longer (i've gotten much better with this in recent years.
) now, unfortunately, i had been 2 weeks since i had gone and my body decided the time to go was 11am on a wednesday in the middle of class.
i get a pass, head to restroom, and very quickly remove several pounds of trash from my body.
but, here's the thing.
as the poop was moving out, it stopped.
i suddenly realized it had hit the bottom of the toilet but there was still poop connected in me.
so i had to slowly stand up while still pooping to finish.
it came about two to three inches over the lid and was literally steaming.
i freaked out, washed my hands and got out of the bathroom before anyone else showed up to see my child in the toilet.
to this day, my largest shit, and one of the most terrifying things i've ever seen.
(also, it wasn't thin.
the width matched the length.
don't ask how i didn't need medical attention after that, cause i have no clue)
nope, wend down easy - left a load of skidmarks though.
also, "what the fuck is wrong with people?
is your life truly so empty that sitting on a frozen lake in a tent is considered a good time?
i just wiped my diarrhea butt with my sister's panties.
" in r/minnesota lmfao.
glad i followed my curiosity.
alabama bdsm fanatic problems
the full term is colostomy bag
everyone needs goals
it's long been a running joke that they make whoever doctor is lowest on the totem pole do the digital disimpactation.
i almost had to do one but luckily (for me) we opted for surgery due to other concerns and ended up squeezing it out like a tube of toothpaste.
and it always seems like nobody will be near the bathroom until i sit down for 'ol deucie.
then they're having conversations 2 ft away on the other side of the door 
the poop whisperer?
that was me last night into today.
both ends violently.
lost ten pounds thought so i'm way ahead on my new years weight loss goals!
i've never been suicidal, and i'm not saying i wanted to die - but the last time i was so sick that it was coming out both ends simultaneously, i legitimately felt as though being dead would be/feel better than sitting on the toilet with my head over the bathtub krakatoa-ing my guts everywhere.
i keep a plastic garbage bag under my bathroom sink just in case i have a both ends situation.
 i can sit and poop while puking into the bag.
it has saved me more than once!
currently lying down after throwing up twice 
food poisoning is a fucking nightmare.
i just laid on the floor when i wasn’t shitting my brains out for a few days straight.
you just get so angry and annoyed because it’s not a constant stream of hard cramps, but a periodic roller coaster.
i couldn’t even just sit home and play video games or watch a show.
our family caught norovirus one year when it was going around.
everyone in the house was spewing from both ends.
it was absolutely miserable.
it sucks when you don't know which end to put over the toilet 
i will not give.
i will not drop the bait below.
i will not dump.
i will not force a number two.
i will not press.
i will not push.
i will not lay my puckered tush.
i will not pop  .
a squat, to wit:  .
i will not shart.
i will not shit.
my stool is cool.
my deuce is dear.
it's all that's left of yesteryear.
you think i will,  .
i must not poop.
it's all i've got.
don't worry, i run on a subshitscion model
through the annals of time.
this stool shall pass
fuckin' weirdos, right?
i dunno, i have the exhaling part pretty down 
i've been trying to logout since this morning.
their bellies feel bad and their clothes ain't white!
god i love this site 
hot drip coffee is like this for me.
a single cup makes me poop like 4 times a day when i normally poop about once every other day.
therefore i tend to avoid it unless i need a good thorough clean out (which, granted, can be very satisfying if i have a free day for it).
try a coffee enema
can you tell which is the rhythm and which is the lead?
i’m not your bro, dude.
either one is gonna hurt on the way out 
did you have to use a poop knife?
protip, press on your perineum/ taint region if you have a turtle popping out like that.
its similar to squeezing the edge of a pimple to force out the pus.
sounds gross and wierd, it is, but it works.
just kinda massage that taint.
source: certified uncle, assisted at least 1 constipated baby in making poo.
ever since i was born, i could go several days without pooping.
there were months where i could count on one hand how many times i popped, lol.
i used to have really bad stomach aches due to it, but now it’s kinda like meh.
i’ll poop eventually.
my body is weird.
the same happened to me!
i was pushing 2 weeks and no one ever told me i needed to tape stool softeners to help stay regular.
i was super stoked when i finally had the urge to poop, but it was probably the worst one i’ve ever had.
the worst part was it crawling back in when i stopped pushing.
i really wish i had read about the poop knife before then
most laxatives don't work great when you have that issue, they are very rapid so you'll get all the stomach pain like you have diarrhea but you will still be blocked by a solid piece of stool holding everything in (horrible experience).
the best option is to use magnesium citrate, get the bottled stuff from walmart ($0.
99 in cherry or lemon).
it will work in about 12 hours and it kind of moistens your colon so it comes out smoothly.
don't over do it, only drink a quarter of the bottle and then another quarter if it hasn't worked after 12 hours.
i didnt deuce for a day or two after i got back, then it was two of em like fat man & little boy.
then back to normal
i was in the hospital for 6 days and pooped on the last day.
i swear the diameter of that poop was the same as a basketball.
my asshole ripped and i was bleeding and shitting at the same time.
at first it was a couple of small chunks but then the flood gates burst and it felt like a cannon was launching shit out of my asshole.
felt much better after but in the moment i guess you can say it was pretty shitty.
yay double digits gang!
that does sound like a bad month.
looked it up and it seems like people are split between it being possibly a diet thing that should be remedied, or possibly just how your metabolism is if it's always been the norm for you.
who knows, i'm gonna try eating healthier in 2019 though just in case
whoa, buy me dinner first before you kiss my ass.
you can take my poop away
glad i could be here to witness this wholesome moment.
so is a rectal prolapse.
which i highly recommend you don't look up.
how about rectum rockets?
i work roughly 8pm-7am indoors and during the summer when the days are long i do the exact opposite.
i'll go 5 days without seeing night time.
you put your contacts in before you shower?
what kind of animal are you.
slow down dude, we don't solve constipation with war crimes
yea, forget about everything above.
 eat a few of these and start 2019 really shitty.
pretty incredible how well that combo works
imagine people who were pooping in 1 bc going into 1 ad.
trans era shitting, only gonna happen once.
actually, that started in 2001, not 2k
"transmillenial shitting" good band name
is this a joke to you!
did you put the panties under her pillow afterwards?
i'm definitely holding this full term.
when someone with a colostomy says to kiss their ass, are they giving us a choice?
extra fancy if it’s michael koors
poo trivia: do the farts push the shit out, or does the shit push the farts out?
yes, that was an episode that will live in infamy.
i don't think i've ever caught myself almost actually worrying about the state of an animated character's asshole before that episode.
you sound lucky enough to have a private bathroom.
my work bathroom is two stalls and a urinal and we share it with the entire floor.
if i walk in there needing to poop and somebody is already in there, i just turn around and go back to work.
i'll try again later.
how anybody can sit two feet away from another human being while you're both shitting and be okay with it is beyond me.
 i lost 5 and was thinking the exact same thing until i saw your 10.
 now i have a new 2020 resolution.
hope you feel better soon.
hey i’m not the only one!
made it just past midnight, then got violently ill starting at about 1am.
actually spent a decent portion of the day in the er getting 2 liters of fluids from an iv since i was so dehydrated.
but hey, 2019 can only get better from here!
i really hope you replace the bag.
someone give this guy a record deal.
your eloquence knows no bounds
read this to the tune of i will not bow by breaking benjamin.
i love that you can add "to wit" into a poem about poop.
holy shit i finally saw a fresh sprog poem, i am honored.
this is going to rise to the top like u/nazigazpacho floater.
a poem for whilst your on the bog from mr sprog
sounds like a pretty shitty deal
something like that could really start a new movement.
because life is nothing but an assessment.
yup, fucked some weirdos
more like a sneeze on my end.
so you're saying you haven't gotten a log out this year?
try a pot of coffee and a smoke.
i learned something today.
they justify, the extra wipe
i hate it but for some reason i'm still here.
just like life huh
how do you know when you need to flush the pipe?
i ain’t your dude, partner
man, i wish i'd had a poop knife!
it's always a good day when someone brings up the poop knife.
this comes up on reddit often and i always get a chuckle how big that poop knife got.
diet, hydration and exercise are the main factors typically.
your body likely isn’t that weird.
glad it worked out that way.
could have led to impacted stool.
like fat man n little boy lmao.
jesus dude xd take my upvote already
smell must have been baaaad 
i was constipated as a kid for a few weeks,  my intestines started to hurt so bad i couldn't take it no more.
 when i finally told my parents and they took me to the doctor's,  he said i was days from dying.
 i was transported to the clinical centre with an ambulance and emptied with the procedure.
 apparently my guts were 100% full.
2 full toilets of crap.
 the guy who did the procedure,  said:" now it's the time to take your life into your hands so we don't meet each other again.
" it's been 14 years,  and i'm keeping my shit together.
i mean i do eat way too much junk food yet i'm still skinny and rather underweight for my size so i guess it's both
rosebuds on the other hand are ok
if the deluge was good enough for god its good enough for my asshole
pretty sure mary did this by accident
i mean, yeah, technically you're correct, but i don't think the majority think of it that way, the change from the 1xxx years to 2xxx years is what people care about.
i was quoting him lol
"there really is no greater joy than sitting on the toilet and shitting my fucking brains out.
" gee, i sure am glad i followed in jergin\_therlax's footsteps.
you're in the turd trimester 
not even mr slave?
the one who poops loudest wins.
trust me, sprog is gonna get a nice book deal out of this once he/she gives up the pen name.
glad i’m not the only one
yesss i heard it immediatly
there's a shitflix deal being made right now
not from the stool where i sit
well they do have breathable butts
here a sort of liquid cough, tuberculoshits if you will
this needs to be the 2019 way of saying “i’m going to take a dump”, instead we say, “i need to go log out”.
their bellies feel bad and their clothes ain't white, come on!
by checking the ply to see it's white
something spicy and fried
i'm not your partner, fella
since it's still inside i would recommend a poop spoon.
 you have less chance of damaging your poop hole.
i got impacted the last time i was pregnant.
no one told me prenatal pills and pregnancy slowing your digestive system causes constipation and you should take something if you haven’t shit in a few days.
i went a week, and had to be disimpacted.
well done for keeping your shit together!
i was 18, i should have my shit together by then.
this username knows.
that's a good question.
slave was a pro.
there was a lot of traffic back there.
shit (so to speak) now you're reminding me.
what was the episode with lemmiwinks?
was that also mr.
this is the turd time i've heard this joke
did you just assume that they're not a sea pig?
pooping in the name of!
some of those who pooped forced it, were the same with legs crossed yeah
i’m not your fella, guy 
or just a shop vac.
go hard or go home.
just use the suction from a turkey baster
what would a poop fork be good for?
i got constipated after giving birth.
i was drinking about double what i normally do, but apparently being in the aircon 24/7 and breastfeeding meant that i was dehydrated, even though i was drinking about 3 litres of fluid a day.
when one of the nurses asked me if i had "moved my bowels" since the birth i told her no .
it was 4 days since the birth.
she looked alarmed and got me some laxatives.
i went the next day and honest to god, it felt like i was giving birth again.
biggest poop i've ever dropped.
wait i thought people prayed, ate, and then pooped.
so many different cultures on reddit!
these puns are abowelminable.
pooping in the name of!
you’re just one shop vac accident away from anal prolapse.
i bet those fancy japanese bidet toilets have some sort of attachment like that.
for eating a poop steak with poop knife of course!
someone gets to reach in you and get it out.
yes thats exactly what it sounds like.
the mouse in the manor house is the name of the book, sam garland is her name.
i really hope someday we can get somebody to compile all of the reddit poems into one big delicious collection .
looks like it might be "his name", my bad folks!
this is why i reddit.
good job dudes.
i saw a video once where this.
no, never mind.
who said it was an accident?
baby boomers prefer hoover's.
yes, it’s exactly what it sounds like.
it’s usually saved as a very very last resort (after enemas fail).
don’t worry, lots and lots of lube is used.
fun fact: it’s the one of the things they “let” the medical student do.
(more like force) fortunately, i survived my medical training without having to do one.
probably because i have huge hands.
it’s a lot of fun for both nurse and patient.
but the relief they feel is worth it (i guess if you’re a caring nurse, which i am).
i did this after having my baby.
 poop spoon upthread reminded me that i considered doing that.
 used my finger instead.
 picked away at some, and the pressure collapsed the poop onto itself until i pooped.
 no fucking fun at all.
 when picking at your poop is the best option you know you are fucked.
 that was after the laxatives i finally asked for.
i once had a patient who was so confused she literally couldn't tell us her own name.
 i had to disimpact her, which i did as gently as i possible could have.
she couldn't remember her name, but for days, whenever anyone came into the room (including me,) she would say, "do you know what they did to me?
while we're at it can we add a fourth filter for posts asking if you'd be willing to stub your toe for a billion dollars?
how do you feel about how do you feel posts about how you feel?
yes jfc can we please ban “how would you feel about objectively good thing” posts
this is a brilliant idea.
maybe just have 2 nsfw filters.
one which covers gore and porn then another for the repetitive questions.
and another one for spiders please.
successfully reading the title without stuttering in my brain made me feel smart
i had a stroke reading this
"how would you feel about x feature on reddit" posts shouldnt even be allowed.
take them to a reddit suggestion sub or something
i have a simple proposition for a 36 filter system.
i am so sick of this question.
its literally one of the top posts of all time on here and i feel like i see it every week.
before anyone else replies, i knew that this post was a joke before i posted my comment.
i was complaining about the frequency of the other question in this thread but i must've worded it badly
i got a stiffy and a flopper reading that question op.
nsfw for porn, nsfl for gore.
it’s never going to happen.
this has been asked for years, but them adding the tags would be them acknowledging that such content is prevalent on their platform.
within 34 days this has become one of the most popular posts on this subreddit.
this is the way.
always has been.
i like not knowing what i'm about to get
and then another for karma mining with rhetorical questions!
pink for porn and red for gore
can we get a fourth one for meta bullshit?
about the same as i'd feel if askreddit banned "how would you feel" questions: it would make no difference to me, since i only click on them when i know what i'm getting into.
and tell me what the filter names are/ will be pls.
when i'm feeling horny, i think i wouldn't want to see gore .
so that would be much appreciated
don’t wanna see boobs when tying to have fun/s.
i’m kidding but the idea is really good
i wanna know if there putting cocks into vaginas or knifes into people
sounds like a plan
 i’d have to see it in poll format to answer.
i don’t mind filters if they allow more content.
should be a filter
why has this not happened already?
the fact that people have to ask this of reddit is rediculous 
i can comment on this?
idk i kind of like the mystery will it be an ass getting plowed or will it be a decapitation the only way to find out is to click
sounds good, but i also want a reddit filter that lets you block nsfw content from specific users.
there are a few women who post in nsfw subs who i'd very much not like to see naked more than once in my life, but i have no way of removing them from my general feed short of blocking them entirely (which i don't want to do).
i’d be for all three.
i don’t want to see gore, nor repetitive posts.
but maybe i’ll peek at something sexy!
how would you feel about feeling things?
bad things, good things?
does that make you feel and if so how?
the stupid posts calling out repetitive posts are now themselves becoming repetitive and stupid.
how deep shall it go?
but for real, questions like these are beyond stupid and pointless, and there’s no reason it should have 160k upvotes lol.
but that’s reddit logic i suppose
i never even see nsfw on the front page but god damn would i love would a politics filter so i don’t have to manually block 50+ subreddits
this is the one
this is a bit late,but can i get some free karma,i work hard
i want nsfw for actual nudity, nsfl for gore and ansfw for the shit americans consider needs a nsfw flag currently because it's a woman showing her ankle or something.
only if we end up with 4 nsfw filters.
repetitive posts asking how you would feel about reddit adding 2 nsfw filters to distinguish between porn and gore?
passive aggressive /r/askreddit post about whatever is on the nerves of one redditor that most people don't give a fuck about.
/ karmawhore post.
we need to go deeper
all these people in the comments who didn't read the title lmao
porn, gore, repetitive posts, and complaints about repetitive posts.
because let's face it, this thread or a similar one always follows a question that people deem repetitive
been using reddit for years and have never clicked on a post to be surprised with unexpected gore.
guess i'm not on the edgiest subs though.
i mean, if you add the two filters, there's no need for the third one anymore.
id add a fourth for posts complaining about repetitive posts, by people who spend too much time on reddit
got me there for a second.
i was like for the love of.
if only we could filter "how would you feel if.
people post gore on reddit?
isn't that like banned or something?
only gore i know of has been in quarantined or deleted subs.
i'd like a filter to distinguish being male and female nudity though.
i would like a gore tag that i can turn off and never turn back on.
green nsfw vs red
it’s nfsw and nsfl.
the reason the posts keep coming up is because reddit still hasn't made the change.
can u post a pick of ur dick plzzzz im horny
tags could be a start.
just porn and gore
tbh and more seriously just add a filter for animal harm and abuse it just do something to me i can't describe but i can't watch it
i'd like a filter for posts that think they're funny but aren't.
nsfw, nsfl and nsfmd.
(not safe for michael douglas)
need:porn =/ updooted standard porn.
&, a level for omfg.
thankfully, as society evolves- the best porn recommendations come from women.
seriously by far the best
go to horny jail
how about no filters so we can automatically access what we fucking want huh
don't care still lots of other web sites out there.
i would actually love that
i am gonna be here for a long time
that's awesome indeed
and a fourth category consisting entirely of this post
there's porn on reddit?
i honestly would be great.
i'm new to reddit and don't want to see the same thing one million times in less than an hour.
stop protecting me from me.
now these my kind of questions
third most popular ask reddit of all time
all i want is the hottest porn you can show me of every pornstar model there is
yeah i guess that's alright,.
i get triggered by gore way more than porn
porn and gore is all
i feel like making sure you dont get porn or gore are the better two you need to differentiate
that would be helpful mostly because i'm fine with gore but don't really want to see someones parts
every horny person at the porn one: dew it!
what i want to know is how this got so upvoted so quick!
don’t think it’s that necessary, usually whatever someone writes will give you a hint as to what’s coming
i’ve seen this 4 times in the past 2 months and each time i’m like holy heck this is controversial
if ur concerned that the content u r looking at is nsfw maybe u should get off ur phone while ur at work.
ya (minimum wage earning) bish
i like to be surprised.
this would actually be really good
i could beat off to all of it so it wouldn’t matter
i mean, if you want too.
i’m pretty much indifferent about it to be honest, so i’m good either way.
how much notifications do you get per day?
replacing the filter or adding multiple per post?
that makes a huge diffrence
how about an actually useful function like "view all comments" .
foh with stupid different nsfw filters
this would be useful if i wanted to jerk off but i accidentally see a naked person.
this would make a great addition to reddit because it would separate us lonely blooks from the masochistic blooks
i'm all for all 3.
i was literally thinking this the other day.
i don't know man i like the risk because everytime i enter an nsfw post it's sorta like russian roulette like am i gonna be aroused or am i gonna see someone naked.
we've been trying to reach you about your car's expiring warranty.
easy, nsfwp, nsfwg, and nsfwspam
i believe there should be a fourth option of gory porn as well, just trying to be inclusive is all
one for spoilers
a podcaster i listen to told a story about youtube flagging him for adult content.
 he does astronomy amd physics.
 it isn't for children.
but they shouldn't be harmed for watching.
the only filter we need is a politics filter
make one red make one pink problem solved
i would block one the other 2 don't make me disgusted
50/50 will be a lot easier.
you're about to witness insert the type of content
add it, add it, add it, add it, add it, addit!
i like the surprise.
don't add any filters.
yes, we need this.
although i do like seeing some titties every so often when scrolling reddit.
i feel like it would be better to have switches in the menu on your account that blocks nsfw(porn) and nsfw(gore) while they're activated
i would like that and i hate that your name acctually makes sence to my adhd mind
what about if you shut the fuck up and stop asking dumb ass questions
even better : add another that filters out us politics
reddit, how would you feel?
i was about to downvote.
how would you feel about reddit adding 4 nsfw filters to distinguish between porn, gore, and repetitive posts asking how you would feel about reddit adding 2 nsfw filters to  distinguish between porn and gore and meta posts asking how you would feel about reddit adding 3 nsfw filters to distinguish between porn, gore, and repetitive posts asking how you would feel about reddit adding 2 nsfw filters to  distinguish between porn and gore ?
at some point the title could be a tag instead.
so long as it also filters “you live forever, but you were transported 2000 years in the past” posts.
can i also add for consideration the posts that contain the following,.
males / females of reddit what is a non-sexual thing that feels really good / turns you on / makes you want to gamble with your soul in a game of chess against the personification of death?
god those posts are so repetitive
"dear reddit," it started,.
"now do you agree -.
that water's important,.
and air should be free?
and would you allow.
for a law, if you could -.
that stated, and clearly,.
that vaccines are good?
"if maybe they gave you.
a billion bucks -.
would you own a chicken.
that shits when it clucks?
would you take a cell phone.
that screams when it rings?
or other such hugely.
"oh reddit, for queries.
as complex as these -.
for questions divisive,.
i'm begging you please -.
i'm watching, enraptured -.
i'm waiting, transfixed -.
to read your responses.
i'm sure they'll be mixed.
i'd cut my fucking toe off with a spoon for a billion dollars
it fucking angers me how bad reddit is at hypotheticals.
i love the hypotheticals game, i played it with my friends all the time.
but somehow when reddit plays the hypotheticals game, it's like "you get all the money and power you want in the world, you get a beautiful home anywhere on the world, and every woman on earth will instantly fall in love with you.
but your farts smell 20% worse.
" and somehow 50,000 people upvote it.
makes me really angry.
i don't know that i've ever actually seen a legitimately interesting hypothetical on this sub.
hey reddit, would you eat cereal with a spork for a brazillion dollars?
would you stay up alllll night long to be the richest person in the whole universe?
that was a decoy toe.
would you break both your arms if you had a hot mom with soft hands?
should there be a filter for such posts?
am i imagining things or was there some deal about banning “how would you feel” posts?
or was that just a how would you feel post about banning how would you feel posts?
not bad and you.
nsff - not safe for flint, michigan.
nsfw new meaning : not safe for water
ugh i hate it when i'm jacking off and then a whole bunch of porn, gore, and repetitive posts ruin the mood
have you looked at kinetico water systems, the official drinking water of the indiana pacers?
i legit can't decipher what the fuck op is asking.
i want one that produces wine from water
nestle will sue you out of existence
how would you feel about a law that makes it illegal to kill kittens?
jfc means jesus fried chicken btw
"does anyone else think that objectively bad consumerist / pop culture phenomenon is bad".
"does anyone else think that 'niche' hobby popular on reddit like: video games, reading young adult novels as an adult, sitting inside on a rainy day with a blanket on while drinking hot cocoa is actually totally acceptable and that anyone who judges you for it is a jerk?
just ban "how would you feel about" posts in general.
i've never seen one that wasn't a blatant attempt to farm karma.
how would you feel about a nice glass of your beverage of choice?
that's like 50% of ask reddit questions.
the other is questions about sex
also questions about "how would you feel if they banned the "how would you feel" questions"
i kinda want the mods to let people type in the text box again.
at least it encourages questions with more substance by allowing context instead of the same 5 questions being asked over and over again.
yeah, hate it when i'm masturbating to nsfw and all of a sudden it gore or porn.
one nsfw would be red and the other could be orange and white.
i don’t care where i am if i accidentally open porn (other than around children) because i’m retired and i never have sound on.
my old grandma ass can’t handle gore, though.
fuck that gore shit.
why not instead have 2 nsfw filters, one for repetitive and one for questions?
how about we just shoot posters who ask repetitive questions directly into the sun?
all i want is a humble brag filter because i am tired of the humble brag shit
exactly, having three filters isn't speedy, we'd need to read all these annoying repetitive posts and it ruins my life.
i like a nice speedy life.
how about we call these other ones "not speedy for life," we could even use the tag nsfl so people aren't too confused, it's only one letter away!
i think animal abuse should have its own flair as well i can handle human gore but animal gets to me
but what people want is a separate filter for gore.
or am i missing something here
reddit devs are saving it's release for the next time they ban a softcore pedophilia subreddit and they need to assuage a bunch neckbeards.
 reddit has made my arachnophobia so much worse.
 especially when it's a post on "aww" and i'm just like "why did you do this to me?
i read it without thinking on the words like i was in an exam.
so although i read it i've got no idea what i'm talking about or what this thread is about.
the other comment i made on this thread was about pandora's box.
how even did i get there?
would you like reddit to have a filter for that?
well it is tagged nsfw
i stroked reading this
"ten people died in the bronx last night due to a fire that killed 10 people last night, during a fire.
"fire officials say all 10 people died due to the fire, which was too hot for their bodies"
not safe for grammar.
username checks out
they're never going to do it in this particular case, cause it would be accepting that they allow such content, thus prompting news articles and probably getting a bunch of subs banned in the process.
not to mention, it'd break /r/fiftyfifty
the fuck is nsfq?
i'm so sick of these 'how would you feel about xyz' posts in general.
it's always a popular opinion, but karma though.
read the post again
nsfs (not safe for sanity) for "how would you feel about" posts
can we also have one for poop and vomit?
i’d rather see nudity than bodily fluids but for some reason that’s never blurred
i feel like this used to be how posts were labeled on reddit a few years ago.
there it is, problem solved
both would make me very uncomfortable as they'd require competent mods and admin.
which means there'd have to be a violent coup or some sort of standards in place, both would be incredibly radical policy changes.
you know there’s plenty of other colored thunderboltz out there you just haven’t met the right one yet
yeah, i've always thought that nsfw (not safe for work) was for porn and nsfl (not safe for life) was for gore and other traumatic things.
good i don’t want to see porn just gore so i can distinguish:)
then i'm going to make your week!
visit r/fiftyfifty for a real gas!
or maybe a puppy.
or maybe an actual decapitation.
but then what do you do about gore porn‽
and when you click the pink link a woman moaning is blared though the speakers and screaming bloody murder for red.
you copy and pasted someone else’s answer, username does not check out.
nsfa - not safe for americans
this comment is passive agressive
isn't that against the tos?
i'm thinking "removed" would be a good tag for those sorts of posts.
or any of the ”reddit, will you accept two billion dollars for this minor inconvenience?
it should at least be "you live forever but you were transported to 65 million years ago, how do you stay sane"
should legally blind centenarians be allowed to drive?
they completely ruined askreddit.
you have to sift through low effort garbage to find a decent thread.
it's never "wake up 2000 years in the future" because there's a lack of imagination.
you’re under your alt, poem_for_your_sprog.
this is a really clever poem.
what’s funny is how difficult this would actually be.
even with that billion dollar prize, it might be hard to keep going once you’re like 1/4 of the way through.
i would use sand paper to remove my toe, snort it, poop it and then eat it for a billion dollars.
i would even live stream it for you sick fucks.
would you stub your toe for 2 dollars
i'd pay a brazilian dollar to eat cereal with a spork
yes, the yes filter.
used for every r/askreddit question which starts with “how would you feel about.
insert instant fix to any minor life inconvenience” and “you get a billion dollars if.
” because the answer is always yes.
they should be removed on basis of rule 5.
rhetorical and loaded questions (in which you are asserting an opinion, bias, or leading respondents towards expressing a specific opinion) will be removed.
) posts attempting to promote a specific agenda, to gain publicity, (.
) or to publicly shame a person or entity will be removed.
they should just be banned.
there’s a vote happening now with the mods following a discussion about this a few weeks ago.
pandora's box entered the chat.
i’m from michigan.
this joke is really not relevant anymore tbh.
they have fixed a lot of their infrastructure problems and i think reddit’s circlejerk about them not having clean water is kinda unnecessary and annoying at this point.
that’s just my opinion though.
nsfa - not safe for aachen, germany (people from aachen know what i’m talking about)
this joke is out of date, they have cleaned up their water systems already.
not safe for wastewater
they’re suggesting that there is a lot of posts asking on ask reddit whether there should be 2 nsfw filters- one for sex and one for gore.
they’re jokingly suggesting that there should be 3, the two mentioned above, and the third to filter out such posts asking the same thing over and over.
100,000 upvotes in a few hours so people are obviously keen on this one!
that kind of shit needs to go on /r/unpopularopinion man.
pump your breaks!
even in self defense!
i thought it was jentucky fried chicken.
cena the president who was assassinated
wait, so is that chicken fried in jesus, or is jesus the one frying?
jewish family and children services.
i thought it was john f chicken
ah yes, john fortnite cennedy, our only open minded president 
i thought it was jesus fucked chickens?
the cringiest ones are the reddit typical self diagnosed depression posts: "does anyone get annoyed when they get out of bed at 2pm and the family says, 'hey!
look who finally woke up!
 yes johnny, normal people don't stay up to 5am playing video games with the office on perma repeat in the background.
i'm gonna say it, if you don't drink your hot cocoa with whipped cream than you're a jerk.
sex sexers of reddit, what sex sex sex you sex sex?
how would you feel about sex?
what tf do you put in your custom feeds?
and that's how fetishes are born!
if you're lucky.
this is the logical evolution of this joke
i hate it when i'm masturbating to gore and all of a sudden boom porn comes in
- people who browse r/fiftyfifty
yea, i love it when i'm masturbating.
orange and black for pornhub colors
orange is reserved for spoiler tags.
i have no words.
old enough to be a grandma, but no kids and i'm right there with ya.
elbow bumps in solidarity
or four filters!
the joke is that it's a very common question on ask reddit: "would you like 2 nsfw filters, one for nudity and one for gore?
" to the point that op has mockingly asked if we'd like 3 nsfw filters: one for nudity, one for gore, and one for repetitive questions for this subreddit.
from what i have seen recently, this post is a response to a post that appears frequently asking the question "should there be a separate tag for porn and gore?
", and is one made with sarcasm in mind.
 it isn't a real question.
lmao fantastic comparison
how would you feel about that?
lol i just read your edit, that’s hilarious.
at least you’re not being graded on your comments!
i think that's the porn filter
but we need more information before we click otherwise it’s not my fault for having a stroke
i read stroking this.
it’s like trying to meet a word count on an essay
not safe for q’berts.
images containing springy snakes.
not safe for questions, we’re turning askreddit to tell reddit
not safe for quails.
reddit has a growing quail userbase, and i think nsfq is a great feature to add to accommodate that!
nearly safe for quokkas.
especially the ones where the situation is incredibly nuanced, but reddit can only handle black and white thinking.
like the popular "retest drivers after a certain age.
" yes, it's a great idea.
but we have shit infrastructure in the us so you're essentially saying "how would you feel about grounding any elderly person who can't afford regularly taking cabs?
" it's skipping a lot of important steps to make it a realistic possibility.
they should go back to not giving karma for self posts, only links.
the quality of content was so much better back then.
i am sick of this comment.
it's literally one of the top comments of all time on here and i see it every week.
it's part of the discussion.
read the comment again.
hopefully they have some girth to theirs :(
nffs for 'no more of this, for fuck's sake.
what subs are you subscribed to, my dude?
i rarely see that kind of stuff
well, kinda now, because i think nsfl has been around a while, but no one uses it.
in this case it should be r/thirdthirdthird.
one third should be something cute.
another third should be something gory.
and the last third should be the generic askreddit question, the worst of them all.
if you’re already looking for gore porn then i think you have bigger problems
red, white, and blue.
the resulting color is not supposed to be in my male vocabulary.
i'm supposed to only know the colors in ms paint.
i never thought i would agree so much with someone that has a name like yeezelicious
 you should be in charge.
 we could say they got yeazeed.
lol damn, you got my upvote!
yeezy teaching us all.
then people come in like, "omg, that's my pet peeve.
there's no amount of money that can convince me to eat ketchup on my steak.
would you accept $100m but never be allowed to filter out those types of posts on reddit?
favourite stupid one of these was 'someone offers you $100/hr to watch any movie on repeat, which one do you choose?
fucker, for $100 an hour you can pick the movie.
goshly doo darn it!
i've been made!
but really tho thanks for reminding me of the op, i just had this somewhere in discord and copy pasted it
you like fucking friends with jane goodall or some shit?
a liberal muslim homosexual aclu lawyer professor and abortion doctor was teaching a class on karl marx, known atheist.
”before the class begins, you must get on your knees and worship marx and accept that he was the most highly-evolved being the world has ever known, even greater than jesus christ!
at this moment, a brave, patriotic, pro-life navy seal champion who had served 1500 tours of duty and understood the necessity of war and fully supported all military decision made by the united states stood up and held up a rock.
”how old is this rock, pinhead?
the arrogant professor smirked quite jewishly and smugly replied “4.
6 billion years, you stupid christian”.
it’s been 5,000 years since god created it.
6 billion years old and evolution, as you say, is real… then it should be an animal now”.
the professor was visibly shaken, and dropped his chalk and copy of origin of the species.
he stormed out of the room crying those liberal crocodile tears.
the same tears liberals cry for the “poor” (who today live in such luxury that most own refrigerators) when they jealously try to claw justly earned wealth from the deserving job creators.
there is no doubt that at this point our professor, deshawn washington, wished he had pulled himself up by his bootstraps and become more than a sophist liberal professor.
he wished so much that he had a gun to shoot himself from embarrassment, but he himself had petitioned against them!
the students applauded and all registered republican that day and accepted jesus as their lord and savior.
an eagle named “small government” flew into the room and perched atop the american flag and shed a tear on the chalk.
the pledge of allegiance was read several times, and god himself showed up and enacted a flat tax rate across the country.
the professor lost his tenure and was fired the next day.
he died of the gay plague aids and was tossed into the lake of fire for all eternity.
(this copypasta is not mine, i borrowed it from a post i saved a long time ago)
what's this you've said to me, my good friend?
ill have you know i graduated top of my class in conflict resolution, and ive been involved in numerous friendly discussions, and i have over 300 confirmed friends.
i am trained in polite discussions and i'm the top mediator in the entire neighborhood.
you are worth more to me than just another target.
i hope we will come to have a friendship never before seen on this earth.
don't you think you might be hurting someone's feelings saying that over the internet?
think about it, my friend.
as we speak i am contacting my good friends across the usa and your p.
box is being traced right now so you better prepare for the greeting cards, friend.
the greeting cards that help you with your hate.
you should look forward to it, friend.
i can be anywhere, anytime for you, and i can calm you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my chess set.
not only am i extensively trained in conflict resolution, but i have access to the entire group of my friends and i will use them to their full extent to start our new friendship.
if only you could have known what kindness and love your little comment was about to bring you, maybe you would have reached out sooner.
but you couldn't, you didn't, and now we get to start a new friendship, you unique person.
i will give you gifts and you might have a hard time keeping up.
you're finally living, friend.
i don't think i wanna drown in shit.
this doesn't even rhyme
so much violence, i like silly threats better.
such as wishing for them to sit on a cactus, or threatening to find them and poop in all of their left shoes.
i think you wanted the conservative love subreddit.
it's one of u/poem_for_your_sprog's works!
fuck you shoresy!
you’d be surprised how sharp a spoon can get after 5 minutes on the concrete.
good edge, a good rock for a hammer.
two to three good whacks while your buddies hold you down.
split 4 or 5 ways probably.
i would stub 2 toes for a dollar at this point
current exchange rate is 1 brazilian real = 0.
18 usd, not a terrible price for a bowl of cereal
it would be way more interesting with a much smaller number.
most people would push the "murder 1 random person for 1 million dollars" button.
but would you push the button for 10k?
honestly if they offered a 40 oz and a loosie i'd probably smack that bitch twice and play edward 40 hands
“how do you feel about genocide.
would inarguably make some minor things easier.
for the love of christ, please ban the "how would you feel" posts, i'm begging you.
people are just using them to farm karma by posting pandering ideas and it is really driving down the quality of this sub.
there are three "how would you feel" questions (including this one) on hot in this sub as we speak.
i opened pandora's box.
give me my unforeseen problems.
it sucks telling people i'm from flint now because its literally the only joke anybody has.
its better than the crime jokes i used to get but at least then i could deflect to some other example like chicago or shudders gary, indiana
a common mistake, nothing to feel bad about
chicken fried jesus
that would be jfcs
john f chickennedy
ah, yes, that is a common use of the acronym as well.
does anyone actually sip their hot cocoa with whipped cream as opposed to inhaling all the whipped cream off the top in one go?
what's the sexiest sex you sex, ladies?
dear the fairer sex, what's the sexiest sex you ever sexed?
that’s a good subreddit idea actually.
he gets off on repetitive questions.
minor osha violations that have yet to result in bodily harm
you act like none of us have an alt for porn lol
it’s a good way to remember it, too:.
warning is red, shows someone who’s dead.
orange and black?
 it’s ok to whack.
grandma’s a little rebellious 
let’s take over the world!
that's just called nsfw in my case.
for stroke inducing content, my curious friend.
"the bronx has many exports, chief among which are heroin, cocaine, and hipsters"
not safe for slinkies
need for,          .
i usually unsubscribe from any community that posts these but they crop up random places because, well, poop is funny.
just don’t want to see it
r/poop and r/vomit perhaps.
just so anyone knows before they click, the names of those subs are appropriate to their content.
just found that one out through morbid curiosity.
finding more gore porn apparently.
i think it would be "pornpul" yeah?
let alone spunk\_gargler.
ninjaromeo throwing stars
what a unifying post
imagine his mother carried him in the womb for nine months just to name him yeezelicious
“never judge a reddit user by their username.
” -abraham lincoln
you got my downvote!
crikey, the mate prolly doesn't live in austrelya.
when in reality we'd all eat the shit actively being defecated by a dog if it meant we'd get $1m
not worth it tbh
you were supposed to destroy the karma sluts, not join them!
bring balance to the subreddit, not leave it in darkness!
for that price i'll hire someone to do it for me
people have actually died like that :’(
that's how you know it's not true
fuck you u/nucklehead97, i tried to cut your mom's toe off with a spoon for $5 but the smell of her foot fungus was so bad it gave me an existential crisis, made me question my whole life.
i would want 95 percent in that scenario.
buddies will be happy splitting 5
i would stub all of my toes for $5 and a few tacos.
i'll stub my toe tuesday for a dollar today.
would you stub your toe for a billion dollars
that’s the issue.
too bad big numbers attract big upvotes.
i would gladly genocide all the people flooding main subs with stupid posts like op's.
error, your life has already to many problems, would you like to liberate some space by dying?
ha, with my anxiety i can foresee all the possible problems.
check mate pandora’s box!
you know that trope in anime where they bump into each other and fall and one ends with their head on other’s crotch or other compromising position.
well that will happen with the next three opposite gender relatives you run into.
i thought it was still contaminated glad to here otherwise, is it completely clean, or are there still problem areas
i'm trying to spread the message for you guys, but as you can see, there are still a lot of people that are misinformed.
however, since this reddit, i hope terrible thing happens to you
that's also fine, as long as you don't grab a spoon and eat the whipped cream that way before drinking as my father does you're fine.
my comment was mostly meant vs people who don't even use whipped cream.
(cause it's made of milk with a lot of sugar)
proceeds to self brag about shit i didn't do.
at risk of explaining the joke and ruining the humour, he's making a riff on /r/yourjokebutworse.
/r/yourpointbutworse i agree would be a good subreddit but only if there's enough content for it, and i strongly suspect there is not.
what tf do you put in your custom feeds?
so askreddit threads
we certainly can't make it any worse than it already is!
pulls out a crochet project and gets comfortable
it seems it all is about strokes one way or another
i thought the nsfw filter was a warning about stroking content.
“we visited the bronx last summer.
it was very fun.
i saw a man laying in the street unconscious.
he must’ve been very brave.
hope you get better, bro.
i’ve been here for a decade or so and i’ve never accidentally stumbled upon pictures of poop.
just don’t sub to subs that post that kind of shit.
not trying to shame a community, but i'm just curious which subs specifically were posting this stuff?
like the outrage subs, edgy humor subs or something?
i just haven't even encountered poop as a concept on reddit since the poop knife guy back in what, 2018?
i'm mostly subscribed to hobby subs and animal pictures, though.
hey man, eventually everyone reaches an age when they agree with their mother.
whoever screenshots this and puts it on r/rimjob_steve put me in the post
wow, the first gold reward i ever got was for a comment that contained the text "spunk\_gargler.
if someone in the past had predicted that might happen on reddit.
i guess i would have believed them.
no, i expected that one
is this the free gold train
let alone ensiform.
he may gargle spunk but he spits fire
some people like to enjoy the spunk they swallow dont act like you wish you hadn't just gobbled up your spunk like a starving holocaust victim
i also choose this redditor's shit
found phoebe buffay
i’ve had points where i’d cut a fucking toe off for a taco.
i'm surprised we're not stubbin' our toes for 5 bucks and eatin' a few tacos right now.
maybe you up vote my comment
i hope youre holding your pinky to your mouth, because you are in my imagination
i'll gladly kill all the mosquitos for a billion dollars then use that billion dollars to go after the guy paying for genocides.
how many people you need to kill for it to be called genocide?
'cause, i'd have to think very hard up to about a thousand.
where the accept button or do i need to fill out some terms of service first?
let me try the demo first
every problem except the one you actually have to deal with
at this point i feel like half the comments i leave on reddit are borderline copy-pastes of the same "no, our water is clean, they just have to finish up replacing some of the pipes" talking points over and over again
this is reddit, uhh, haha i'm smarter than you!
you cannot comprehend the difference in our intelligence!
well, is it opposing force you've never met, i would argue i'm from jentucky and i find your comment highly offensive, because we don't have chickens here, it's all fake news, we only cook pigeons fat enough to look like chicken.
and now i hope a equally bad thing happens to you while vaguely giving some idea it could be about hot sauce in your eyeball
yeah baby don't stop i'm almost there.
dog shits and cookery subs.
what are you doing crocheting when you're supposed to be taking over the world?
bruh i don't know why it's so funny to me, but i'm losing it at the thought that for some reason no one else has this problem but this guy specifically is encountering vomit and shit every time you look through their feed
fuck you shorsey!
nobody ever uses that sub right
except that subreddit isn't for inappropriate user names, it's when people with inappropriate names say something super wholesome.
that's the whole point of the subreddit.
and now you'll remember spunk\_gargler for the rest of your life
i'll be walking through your front door in, say, -4 days to tell you the news.
are you free then?
of course you are, it's the past.
it describes my wang
i just want fricken stubbed toes with fricken lasers attached to their fricken nails!
this is the right answer.
but would you do the same to the tusken raiders?
would you kill them all, every single one of them?
not just the men, but the women and the children too?
just go after every billionaire.
there aren't many of them.
yes you would or yes it is?
y’know, don’t answer.
i know it’s going to be an inclusive or.
says: no refunds.
i felt that in my anxious soul.
everyone who drinks dihydrogen oxide dies.
if you were being serious my answer would be "thirty".
thus proving your point i guess.
what tf do you put in your custom feeds?
see, i was making a joke repeating a question (verbatim) to which the answer invoked repetitive questions.
but if that's what you put on your feed, then mazeltov lol
needs a supervillain cape
no problem, buddy.
fuck you, soupisahotsmoothie!
i made your mom so wet, trudeau deployed a 24-hour infantry unit to stack sand bags around my bed.
give yer balls a tug ya tit fucker.
give your balls a tug
i claimed my stupid free award just to give it to you
"how i met your mother.
what’s a spunky gargler is that like a cum guzzler?
i don’t remember that
sign me up mate.
it's a bit of a shame i'm gonna die so soon though since i kinda wanted to experience more of pandora's magic.
gotta accept the sites cookies too
congratulations, you have successfully subscribed to cat facts!
my dad drank some of that stuff before going to get milk.
no need to kink shame
and some mittens and ear muffs, don't wanna catch a cold
settle down now there.
i'm looking at 1 maybe 2 possibly 3 seeing 4 now 5 soooolllllld 5 levels of bull shit right here.
that's a new one, boys.
time to use it.
ah holding dicks harder than gamestop shares is tight
fuck you, shorsey!
this is a great thread
this comment is going to be really hard to understand in like, a week.
so you're saying it was a short squeeze?
ah, the rare canadian fu
u didn’t make his mom wet u fucking hoosier
i like all the other insults are mom jokes but you're just an natural ozzy.
don't worry, i'll go in a few minutes.
which means i've already went for you 4 days ago, so i won't even bother.
step one to becoming a fossil.
how do i subscribe to cat facts?
what tf do you put in your custom feeds?
ήөщ did yөц dө ƭήλƭ?
and then its nap time
that's what i said
i can only get so hard.
it was also super easy, barely an inconvenience even, to hold the dick harder than gamestop shares!
yes, it is not often seen in the wild.
i feel like reddit is almost self aware, but not quite
didn't expect to see powfu here
ahhh stop now it feels all weird!
well yah, i’m retired, ima nap my ass off if i want!
the problem with poverty is not usually day-to-day costs.
people can adjust to that.
 it's unexpected expenses that are crippling.
why are people still responding two weeks later!
nobody is reading this thread any more!
at least not the responses at the bottom (edit2: rant was too whiney.
if you have something to say, who am i to say otherwise?
it would be better if they had to live with their lowest salaried employee for a month or two, imo.
in their house, dinner with the family, travel to and from work together, same lunch, kids with homework, the works.
building that relation would imo do much more for this problem than just "experiencing below your normal standard of living before returning to it".
you're more likely to feel empathy for a family you know, and much less likely to forget them.
anything else would just be another show about wealthy people having a fun adventure to talk about at cocktail parties
i doubt a month is enough to really feel the effect
it would be incredibly self-serving and boring.
they would never truly experience what it is like to be in the precarious position of a minimum wage employee living hand-to-mouth and the 'novelty' is just salt in the wound.
it would be more interesting to see the reverse.
there was this similar themed show in hongkong and mainland china years ago.
they swapped billionare with bottom feeders, let the rich do the basical job, on the lowest salary, to see how far the rich could go by purely their own effort.
nearly all of the billionare admitted that they could not make anywhere, regardless of how hard they worked, even working without sleeping and resting could not give you any accumulation to help climb up to the higher level of the society.
there was only despair, and admission that the divide between the poor and the rich is already a deep valley and mere personal effort makes little sense.
it stirred big debate among the society back then, and i think that was part of the reaons the show got cancelled .
there was also another show in china, swapping senior political figures with community level council workers, to see how good they could do in each other's posts.
the mayors were flooded by the angry mobs who kept asking for more and more benefits that were impossible to fullfil, by the end had to admit the amount of work at basic community level was too much to archieve anywhere.
the show also got cancelled quite soon after a few episodes.
3 months minimum and i'd watch it.
thanks for the gold!
i love reality shows so i'd watch it depending on who produces it.
if it's too fake, with too many "emotional" moments, advertising and people shouting, i'm out.
it’s more than just the money.
it’s the lack of security these people endure.
not knowing if you’ll lose your job tomorrow and having no savings.
being kicked out of your home.
an unexpected bill you can’t afford, which may lead to increasing debt.
putting these rich people in a “poor” lifestyle for a month isn’t enough.
even if they lost their money and homes, they’ll have such a huge network that they’ll be back on their feet in the time it takes for us peons to earn enough to eat for a week.
they can never truly understand what it’s like to be poor or ever face that reality again.
so what would happen?
it’d be a completely self-serving advert about how “now i realise that we need to do more for our employees.
” the workers get a small vanity bonus, probably give an immigrant worker with limited english a car, pat themselves on the back.
then two weeks later, we’ve all forgotten about the show and they’ll go back to their old ways.
isn’t this almost the same as secret millionaire?
do you guys have that in the us?
lots of rich people voluntarily go on vacation to third world countries.
the catch is, they know they have a way out and an end date.
i'd be interested to watch a show where the ceo had to personally be financially responsible for the welfare of 50% of their lowest payed employees for 10 years, and their net growth percentage equalled their bonus every year, with a big bonus if both the company and the employees were profitable at the end.
they would never do that though, because then they would have to admit that they don't pay a living wage.
i'd do more than a month and without any contact to rich buddies either.
if it's a month, i think a lot would just buy rice and beans every day and go "see?
it's super easy to be poor!
you just need to make economical choices!
i've proven myself right!
" longer than that and they'll really have to get used to how their lowest paid employees live.
would they learn a lesson?
they still have a mansion to come back home to.
they'll give their lowest paid people a one time bonus or maybe they'll drag one out in front of a camera to give them a fancy car so their own reputation gets better.
and then they won't change anything else.
1 month isn't long enough because no rent is due etc.
they wouldn't have any trouble.
most of them are self made and most have a large number of financial skills that 99% of people don't.
they'd micro their finances and come out better off than most people.
you think someone like jeff bezos, or bill gates, or elon musk couldn't handle it?
or what about warren buffet?
the dude is already living a modest life.
a lot of dumbasses in the comments seem to fail to realize that a lot of these billionaires were already in a super shitty position before, and pulled themselves out of it.
these people run massive corporations and charities and you dumbasses seriously think that living your life for a few months would be a challenge?
that's some cringe.
you should watch undercover billionaire on discovery (not to be confused with undercover boss).
billionaire glenn stearns moves to erie pa with just $100, a truck and no contacts and has to make a company valued at $1 million in 90 days.
he also can't mention who he is to anyone.
it's pretty much exactly like you are describing and insanely entertaining.
there was an episode of american dad where they tried to live on minimum wage for a month- it was fantastic.
slumming is not living your entire life in a slum.
here is what will happen: .
- fake billionaires like trump will come to this show.
real billionaires will probably not.
- those who appear on this show will brag about how they are self made and their employees could make do with even less.
- we will find out, like naked and afraid, that outside of cameras these billionaires were living in their luxury rvs , sipping martinis and having affairs.
they would just treat it as a novelty since they know they will be getting their billions back at the end of the month.
they wouldn't have to truly live like a person does who lives hand to mouth every day of their lives.
they wouldn't really learn anything from it, in fact they would probably look back on it and laugh, "oh remember when we had to eat that can of ravioli hahaha!
they would have to swap everything down to the last detail.
apartment, car (if they even have one), wardrobe, food, hobbies, etc.
and it would have to be on going, not just a couple months.
the real question is: how to get a ceo to agree to this?
only if they also put a low level employee in the ceo's position to highlight that it's not all golf games and getting other people to do your work.
depends if he is self made or not.
self made rich people often know very well what it means to be poor and that's why they worked so hard to not be.
i hate all reality tv that doesn't feature gordon ramsay
 day to day you can realistically only spen 5-10 out of pocket that even a minimum wage worker can deal with.
 but pro rate in the monthly costs, and it gets crazy.
in my area a 1 bedroom in a bad area is still 1200 per month, or about $40 a day.
 transit for most people will be at least $5- and that is cost of mass transit to and from work; more if you drive (car, insurance, upkeep, gas).
 not having a car is not always an option.
on 40 hours at $10 an hour, you are bringin in about 1200 a month.
 you lose some of that to taxes, but lets be nice and say you get it all.
 you already cannot afford a studio apartment- so you need a roommate.
 so you have to hopefully find someone sane- but that is not a given.
so basically, on your own, on a full time minimum wage job, you basically are eating garbage to just not be hungry.
 living with 2-3 roommates with the same problems you have, and will have no ability to save enough to ever make a difference.
 $500 is huge savings over a whole year for you- and that is not life changing at all.
i recently found out the hard way that an ambulance ride is $2500
yup, it'd basically be like a camping trip.
rough it for a month, then back to normal.
rich people do this for fun.
it's called the pacific crest trail.
that’s how they could make the show more fun.
set the person up in an apartment with a crappy car that would be roughly equivalent to what someone making minimum-wage be able to afford.
then, like a week in, add a challenge.
a flat tire or expensive car repair.
an overdue bill that comes out of nowhere resulting in the electricity being turned off.
maybe the heat goes off and they can’t get the landlord to respond.
throw in an unexpected medical expense.
i would totally watch the show.
i remember times when i would have to choose between going to a dentist with tooth pain and buying new tires for my own safety.
but i can see how it would be even harder for someone to choose say between eating that day and paying for their kid’s school supplies.
this would be a good show.
i'd watch this.
best idea so far
and a camera team changes everything.
i won’t trust doing business with a random nobody, but a guy in suit with a whole production team following him?
that’s a different story.
that’s why “reality shows” are intrinsically just shows
but it is just enough time to go “this is stressful.
i’m gonna plan a trip to bali in 26 days from now”
i think they'd have to inject some kind of "emergency" expense to feel it in such a short time.
like the oven broke or surprise medical bill to show how a small thing can wipe your entire paycheck.
then force them to miss a day of work for said "emergency".
almost like  in monopoly, you pull a card and bam paycheck is gone.
it might add appeal too for watchers since it introduces drama.
this is also under the assumption that a company can operate without a ceo for a month?
depending on the company that could sink the entire ship.
people want to paint these wealthy people as villains when in reality a lot of the time they're operating within the fucked up bounds and laws we designed.
it's a lot easier to say "hang the rich!
" than "comprehensive tax reform, universal healthcare, take money out of politics, and no double standard for white collar financial crimes!
the show would be stupid and shallow.
watching an individual suffer to make ourselves feel better while simultaneously affecting zero practical change.
 or "trading places", as we called it back in the '80s.
the reverse is called the lottery and we know how it usually plays out.
what's the show?
and are there ways to find it online?
i wish they had done these shows in the us, say, 10-15 years ago.
entertainment media can get away with a little more here, and undercover boss was popular enough i think the audience would be satisfactory to whichever network it landed on.
it might have pushed things forward a little bit more.
what's the name of that show?
i want to watch it.
i think i know what show you’re talking about.
my aunt and youngest cousin from hong kong were on it or at least a very similar reality show.
they aren’t billionaires, but they are very wealthy.
they lived with a poor mother and daughter.
my cousin is now interesting in filmmaking and i wonder if it’s partly do to this show.
one thing that stayed with me from the show was that they tried to play up their wealth by saying my cousin had “an american tutor”.
but it was actually my mom helping my cousin over skype figure out classes for when she’d apply for american high school.
germany had a small experiment maybe 45 minutes film doing something like that over 3 days (making it from a homeless person's resources) .
two suffered the third though.
doesn't hesitate a second immediately grabs the closest charity poster he can find begs for 5 euro, goes to a copy shop and copy's the damn thing in various sizes, goes to the closest cafe and asks if he can use one of their tables to promote the charity and collect some donations.
then goes on to collect a few hundred euro and goes "meh i don't see the problem"
nearly all of the billionare admitted that they could not make anywhere, regardless of how hard they worked, even working without sleeping and resting could not give you any accumulation to help climb up to the higher level of the society.
there was only despair, and admission that the divide between the poor and the rich is already a deep valley and mere personal effort makes little sense.
it stirred big debate among the society back then, and i think that was part of the reaons the show got cancelled.
oh that would definitely get cancelled in the us too.
a country where half the people think they’re temporarily embarrassed millionaires, and they’ll all some day reach the success of a bezos or a gates if they just pull themselves up by their bootstraps and work hard and anybody who isn’t paid well just hasn’t worked hard enough.
if one of them came down and worked at walmart for a while and came to the conclusion of “i can’t do this”, it’d rustle too many feathers.
with problem scenarios thrown in.
broken down car.
the wheels would come off pretty quickly
and they can’t choose february as one of their months.
 although i’d like to see them have to have december so they have to deal with christmas
“sure, i had to resort to being a homeless cannibal for 10 weeks but it really wasn’t that bad.
it’s not the same thing.
they would be doing it for other motives.
and their image.
they could easily do a.
month for good publicity.
still too short a time to make these multi-millionaires realize the reality of living on minimum wage.
one year might do it, though.
and they have to do the same job as the employee.
x-factor- singer: “i can’t sing but my granny died an hour ago and told me to follow my dream.
hosts: “you son of a bitch, i’m in!
i fucking hate that “emotional moment” bullshit.
 kitchen nightmares and bar rescue used to be great now i can’t even watch them.
same with undercover boss.
imo that is the biggest difference between uk and us shows.
i love reality shows.
if it's too fake, with too many "emotional" moments, advertising and people shouting, i'm out.
are there reality shows that aren't like this?
yeah, if it´s obviously fake, that´s a big nono.
another issue i have with scripted reality tv shows is that, before each commercial break, they basically sum up the plot progression for the part that follows after the commercial break, then there´s two commercials, then they sum up the part prior to the commercial break, and then they show the part they have summed up less than 5 minutes ago.
if it's too fake, with too many "emotional" moments, advertising and people shouting, i'm out.
it doesn’t sound like you love reality shows ;)
i hate it when they put in 'emotional music'.
hate it because it actually works, despite best efforts to not get emotional.
if you haven’t seen it, i’d recommend “the act of killing”.
it’s a documentary following an elderly man who was once a member of an government sanctioned anti-communist death squad in indonesia.
now, the commies are defeated, he’s celebrated in his own country.
there’s a scene where they had him do a mock up of a torture/execution method he had used.
he asked production to hold because he found it traumatic.
in a very raw moment, he asks the question, “is this what my victims were feeling in their last moments?
the producer responds, “no, what your victims were feeling was much worse, because you were able to ask us to stop, and they knew there was no escape.
you can see in a couple of seconds it changes the guy’s whole world view.
i would imagine a billionaire who has been rich for most or all of their adult life, equally, would have trouble conceiving of the dread of inescapable poverty.
your entire last paragraph is every episode of undercover boss.
you raise a really good point.
 the producers should ‘fire’ the ceo half way through the show and let them try to figure what the hell they should do.
the ceo would just think "once i get through this 4 weeks i'm back to normal" when in reality people don't have this.
they wouldn't know what it would be like to be in that person's shoes for an extended period of time, not knowing when it's gonna end
it’s more than just the money.
it’s the lack of security these people endure.
yeah, for this to work they should sign them up for a month of real life and at the end tell them there was a paperwork mistake or their firm likes it better that way so they're not getting their old life back.
then the actual show begins.
yeah a slightly different premise though as op's suggestion is for the salary to be what the person pays their employees (to encourage some awareness of their livelihood, i guess), rather than the minimum wage of the country.
there was a tv show in the us where a billionaire was given an old pickup truck and and $100 and then had to build a business worth  a million dollars in 90 days with no access to any resources (besides the pickup truck and the $100).
it was really interesting.
nah, all they have to do is stick it out for a month and then they can say from personal experience that it isn't that bad.
of course, they never have to deal with the effects in the long term.
it's kind of like when privileged college students pretend to be homeless by camping out in the quad for a night.
some ceos are such sociopathic cyborgs that theyd just sit there starving half to death and not let on that it sucks for the whole show just to say that it isnt that bad
so basically undercover boss
indeed, one year more be more fitting.
one month is nothing.
stan ended up being a drug addict in three days right?
to your last point, that's why i like the idea of a wager, either he pulls it off legitimately without cheating or he pays a penalty to the employee or employees, such as his bonus is distributed amongst the company.
they would treat it like going on safari.
all you need is a $500 crown victoria, sacrifice some living space, and buy cheaper food, but otherwise it wouldn't be that tough.
they would also have to be allowed to make different decisions on the starting conditions.
you're not proving anything by dropping a ceo in the position of a minimum wage worker who is underwater on their car payments and behind on rent and watching them struggle, if the ceo would have chosen a different car and smaller apartment.
then when the company goes belly up, they get to tell all the employees they no longer have a job
minimum wage jobs are for children.
you need to get out and apply yourself for something better.
even waiting tables at applebee's pays more than minimum wage.
i think a big part of americans in debt is the healthcare system.
even if you have insurance you can pay thousands for a routine procedure for each person in your family, every year.
i had a check up when i was pregnant, turns out the procedure was 500$ out of pocket.
it was such a scam.
 it wasn’t even in the same calendar year as my labor so i spent thousands over my pregnancy.
and then rich people would suddenly feel better about themselves because "being poor isn't that bad, i did it myself".
well, that and the scripted and edited parts.
nathan for you really demonstrates the effect being on tv has on people.
people agree to some outlandish shit for their business just because he's on a tv show.
watch rich house/poor house on youtube.
the uk already has a show exactly like this.
"just wipe with low denomination bills.
like 20's or something"
jeff would just whip out his amazon prime and order some tp for same day delivery.
"i mean, it's one banana, michael.
how much could it cost?
up next season on the surreal life.
(the train wreck is pulling into the station.
next day: due to technical difficulties resulting from amazon not owning walmart, it was decided that there would be a merger.
listen, just give me the cash and i’ll go get some and bring it back.
there’s probably no change.
we probably need paper towels too so toss in another $25,000 for that.
no no, no need to thank me”
anyone remember "the simple life" with paris hilton & nicole ritchie?
the show was supposed to be a "let's watch these rich people work on a farm or minimum wage jobs like serving fast food and see how they like it.
these spoiled brats would do a few minutes of work, whine about it and then just screw around because they didn't give a shit about getting fired or not.
 all it did was give these spoiled rich people more attention that they didn't deserve
undercover boss was fantastic propaganda.
##see how i, the benevolent overseer employer, can relate to my chattel employee.
i may even select one of my herd and grant them a tiny portion of my personal fortune.
see how much joy is on this peasant's face as they are finally able to afford basic necessities!
i am a good lord.
what i didnt like about undercover boss was it ended in grand gestures for a few select employees.
instead of raising wages or improving employee retention, the boss would like buy a house for the single mother manager who lost her house in a tragic fire or like give a scholarship to that 19 year old hard working employee that attends school full time also
undercover boss was bizarre in how blatant its propaganda was.
like an orwellian novel suddenly manifested
don't forget the pay rent or buy food dilemma scenario.
“you have died of dysentery.
well with a broken down car, the wheels have already come off
and they have no access to the amenities of their former wage.
broken down car ?
he would have to do his commute in public transport full of other people also going to work and deal with delays and strikes as he wouldn't have money to afford a car
the big problem with poverty is that indeed all those problems arise and have to be taken head on.
but without any better future in sight.
it makes you numb.
a billionaire can mentally better cope with that as he can count down the days until the hardships will be over.
real life for the rest of us ?
i want to watch this.
somebody produce this show right now!
and no scripted crap.
just real life hitting him in the face
with an hour commute both ways.
ooo and throw in a wager.
the employee chosen for the ceo to bare the salary is given the months salary of the ceo if the ceo quits before the end
you know many tv channels that would get a child sick for audience?
to be honest i don't want to know the answer to that
imagine the ceo of walmart working for walmart in the holiday season, november december, january
well, that's the thing.
i love the idea in theory, but they'll just feel good about themselves for surviving it and say if they can do it, so can these poors.
also there's nothing real in reality tv.
so bottom line, i think there's a good chance it could do more harm than good - make the billionaires look good and the poor people look like whiners (to anyone who could do something about it).
i've heard the saying "i can handle anything, anything at all, for one minute.
" now, i don't believe that's true (at the very least, for me), but the idea is exactly that - it's not so bad to do it.
it's when you have to keep doing it, that it becomes the real torture.
the "drop of water on the head" torture, for reference.
a thousand, a million, so many you've lost count?
and they would know that they just have to make it through this month/few months and then go back to their comfy life.
us low paid workers have none of that to look forward to.
 just more shitty poverty.
 forever and ever.
nobody would ever do this
"here we have elliot.
elliot is a down's syndrome paraplegic who got disfigured when his plane crashed on the way to his dream vacation.
he spent the next 4 months in a medically induced coma while the doctors found a replacement for his dick that got torn off.
also, he can sing moderately good.
gimme that golden buzzer!
this is why i can't watch many car shows anymore.
"if we don't get this engine to run, we're going to lose the shop!
"after 6 seconds, tommy found that the coil wire had popped off.
 we put it back on and the car runs great.
now i just watch the motor trend originals like roadkill, roadkill garage, dirt every day, and faster with finnegan.
 they don't do that fake tv drama bullshit.
 since a few others have pointed this out, youtube has some great content.
 personally, i enjoy smoking tire, doug demuro, cleetus, rob pitts, ed bolian, and a few others.
have you ever watched the og british kitchen nightmares?
he goes in, teaches them how to improve their food, teaches them how to manage a buisness then does a bit of advertising.
he is a lot meaner to us than the americans.
undercover boss is one of the worst blatantly  scripted shows i've ever seen
but the music tells me how to feel!
there is not a single thread of emotions in any such scene.
literally just hate all the drama to garner attention and drive huge no of viewers
everyone fucking cries now.
if you cried in the first few seasons they would laugh you out of the room.
now they talk about crying shows passion.
anything they invest in takes off it's a free 20 minutes prime time infomercial on a major network.
undercover boss was my guilty pleasure, but then they went and forced the emotional side, and spoiled it completely.
bar rescue has always been so fake.
idk how people believe these shows when the "hidden" cameras are so obvious.
not only that but that guy is so obnoxious i could tell from the first five minutes it was fakr
i noticed this watching kitchen nightmares uk.
in the uk version, it seems like gordon really is trying to help people.
intense moments are for passion.
the us version is cut with dramatic music, and i can’t watch it anymore.
americans need to have that emotional hook.
 brits are cold hearted bastards
yeah, they're called documentaries.
forged in fire is good.
 i'm struggling to think of any others.
you forgot the depressing part where he is the only one to have any sort of realization like that.
the other guys had no such realization, or mabe they had one years ago and didn't care.
that gave me the chills.
what was the execution method in question?
hate that i'm curious about this
and that's exactly what would happen here.
 they'd fluff it with a feel-good donation from ceo and then in a month nothing changes in their corp.
it would all be publicity for the company
i liked the idea of the show.
 but "fred the hippy" shows up for his first day of work with his customary camera crew.
 so we scour the company with a "best sob story" contest.
 we have that person train fred and be extra nice while a few unsuspecting slobs get mad at this weirdo for interrupting their workday and get portrayed as the villain.
it would be better with undercover cameras even if quality sucks.
 skip the feel good stuff.
undercover boss was insidious propaganda disguised as feel-good programming.
makes me wanna hurl
that wouldn't work because the ceo knows that it's just a show and that everything is going to be good in 3 months.
an actually realistic show would be impossible.
then the ceo's mother should fall sick and they have to take on a caretaker role.
meanwhile their child has a run in with the law and .
this is just the book of job.
let's put the ceo through the book of job.
i'm there for it.
at the end of four weeks, we get paid and the cycle begins all over again.
it’s just that their pay cheque for that month totals what i’ll earn in a few decades.
yeah, that still wouldn't matter.
they have their friends and family and the entire social network that would easily get their life back on track.
except they can just quit and use their connections to get another job.
i haven't seen it in a few years but this was the premise.
they have fuck-all and get put up in a shitty flat and given a few pounds to survive and basically see what happens.
of course, they never have to deal with the effects in the long term.
yes, this is definitely a problem.
and this is where the show throws a curveball.
instead of a month, it's actually 6 months and they just pretended to make it a month so as to see the ceo's reaction to finding out it's actually 6 and his reaction would give us his/her real thoughts on the matter.
a month of low nutrition food and financial insecurity can be easily recovered from.
yeah you can miss one rent payment without much incident.
if you miss several you're kicked out of the apartment.
well it wouldn't be that bad.
one of the worst things any being poor is the stress and uncertainty about the future.
they won't exist for them because in 30 days they get their billions back.
they'll just eat their ramen stress free for a month then be rich again.
yup, i'm guessing it'll go like that.
one happy crying person with a dark past who gets a car brings in viewers.
a thousand people whose past you don't know who are satisfied, but not ugly crying at a pay raise will not.
and i doubt they'll just do the right thing because it's right.
they'll want something back for it, both the ceo and the tv network it would be shown on.
at least, that's what i think would happen.
but he got a brand new pontiac aztec
but saying you need to live in a shit hole for 1 month is a lot easier than saying you’ll need to live their for an indefinite amount of time.
i had a split with an ex.
and had to move out quickly after we moved to a new city for her job.
before i had one.
found a place that included utilities for $500 a month.
it was cheap and knew i’d find a good job with a month.
but slept awful.
had to deal with an awful roommate.
really bad living situation.
if that was long term, i couldn’t have done it.
knowing it was temporary has a huge impact on how you can handle something bad.
nearly every "hidden camera" show, probably at least 80-90% of them, are not really hidden camera either, you really think the production team can find such good hiding places (with the right camera angles and lighting, and sometimes even moving cameras) for a dozen+ cameras that the people being filmed don't notice them?
all of those shows are bullshit, they are ultimately entertainment and any purported "truth" is twisted to fit that purpose
its not a proper trade when they can see the end in sight after two weeks.
i put it in my favorites and will now wait until someone ads legible sub-titles in eglish or until i learn cantonese/mandarin.
unfortunately it is more likely that i will learn a new language before anyone translates it!
is there any in mandarin?
there was a uk show where celebs lived with benefit claimants for a week, only  a few episodes.
one was boris johnson's sister, the journalist.
i remember she criticised the woman for smoking bootleg cigarettes on £70 a week, what a waste of money.
at the end she said there was no wonder she smoked, life was so hard and miserable, and she'd smoke as well in that situation.
people kept petitioning for the likes of ian duncan smith to live on £70 and see how far he gets.
still think that's a pretty good idea for all m.
ps who affect policy
i watched an episode of that show.
it was basically: here's a sleeping bag, here's a homeless person to guide you around, now go camping in the rich part of london for 3 days and our camera team will guard you.
and after one day they all broke down "i can't do this i'm going to die".
he's unlikely to carry cash, so maybe scrape it with a card.
does this do contactless?
arghh get in here and do this for me.
i don't do this.
"watch the hilarious hijinx when.
 it's not delivered on the same day.
it's delivered to the wrong address.
it's delivered to the correct address, but stolen off the porch
yeah, he's rich, not stupid.
i'm pretty sure paris hilton said a bit ago, the entire show was scripted.
i’m pretty sure the target market was people that wanted to ogle at the girls.
 they were like the last people you’d pick if you wanted a show like that to that to present the topics seriously.
 if anything it almost implied justification for the rich/poor divide.
 it implied being poor made you a better person than a rich person, which is neither true or helpful.
 just to clarify, i’m not saying being rich makes you better either, just that it’s (at least mostly) independent of your financial status.
it was a comedy.
paris and nicole are much smarter than they portray in the show, they are characters.
that was also extremely scripted!
it was a dumb show, and i don't necessarily think they're geniuses or anything.
but paris and nicole are obviously way smarter than the characters they were playing.
everyone keeps saying undercover boss was good propaganda.
that show still comes on.
i watched a new episode about anytime fitness back in january.
wasn't it just heartwarming how every person the boss got put with had an easily solvable life drama that they could throw some money at?
just great coincidence, i guess.
undercover boss is pure fucking dystopian propaganda.
oh, yes your lives suck, but one of you gets a small one time lottery win by being the token poor person chosen to get some false heartwarming bullshit while there’s no actual positive change for anyone.
doesn’t that feel good everyone?
your rich rulers learned a lesson about your miserable lives!
why raise wages when it's a better feel good story to have the ceo buy becky, the single mother working 2 jobs who takes care of her grandmother on life support, a new ford escape?
i mean i absolutely agree with you, but understand that undercover boss was just a show that gave companies an opportunity at a huge pr stunt that people would watch intentionally under the guise of entertainment.
(i watched like a ton of them, so no judgment here).
so the grand gestures were meant to make the viewer feel things.
making actual overall improvements doesn't tug at your heartstrings as much, which was unfortunately the goal of the pr stunts.
my complaint exactly--the show turned into a feel good circle jerk without actually making any needed changes.
although shoutout to the norwegian cruise line guy who actually did implement some corporate changes iirc.
i’m not saying it was a good show, i’m just saying it might indicate that it’s easier to slip this kind of thing in to us entertainment than chinese entertainment
what i didnt like about undercover boss was it ended it grand gestures for a few select employees.
this country loves  the myth of the redeemable slaver
the one for second cup - one of the workers pissed off the boss - she donated to a charity in his name (if i'm remembering right).
other guy got "coffee college" paid for him - the "school" you need to go to before you can get your own franchise.
great for him, but also still benefiting the company, so eyeroll
same, instead of improving all employees lives by a little bit they went overboard and changed one persons.
 gratz to that person, but if i was their co worker making the same pay i’d feel a little pissed.
solved that one years ago.
just buy ramen noodles and eat two packs of that every day until youre caught back up on rent.
pay rent every time.
i can skip a few meals as long as i have a roof over my head.
just suck the landlords dick.
saw it work in a porno once
let's also add in the housing loan bill being overdue and now they're just a couple of days away from being dragged out of their homes.
what if the front fell off?
when figuratively meets literally.
especially the networking factors.
can't just call up your billionaire buddy to grant you a small loan of a million dollars.
see, that's why you give them a car first and then they have to take public transport.
it would really drive the point home.
put them in small town middle america.
no public transportation
public transport on strike the very day their car breaks down.
the other problem  with this idea is that the billionaire doesn't carry the emotion al baggage.
soon as the show's over he goes back to being a billionaire.
it's short term pain at best, not the ongoing worry of "but what if.
we’re talking about reality tv here.
what do you mean by “no scripted crap”
they'd give it to them anyway as a feel good finale.
they don't have to actually get a child sick.
they could just send in a child actor and tell them to be the biggest asshole ever.
don't worry, it's america.
paying a child actor is probably cheaper than a real sick child's medical bills
imagine bezos working for amazon in the same period.
nah if you really wanna punish them make them work january to march.
while the holidays are bad, after the holidays the company cuts hours down so bad that some people only get to work two days a week.
especially considering the fact that a) the billionaire knows that it's temporary, and b) they'll kill the show or fake things if things get too out of hand for him to handle.
no way in hell the producers would let the billionaire stay a month in a homeless shelter.
this is so true.
i’ve done the ration challenge which is a fundraiser where you only eat syrian refugee rations for a week, and i can’t emphasise hard enough that the only thing keeping me going was knowing it was only 7 days.
doing something temporarily does not affect you in any way like the real thing does.
i can’t imagine what it would be like to live off those rations indefinitely.
and although they have to deal with the lower quality of life, they don’t have to deal with the crippling stress of how they will pay their bills etc.
which is much much worse than a month of shitty food.
they'll never live like common people.
they'll never do what common people do; they'll never fail like common people.
they'll never watch their lives slide out of view, and dance and drink and screw, because there's nothing else to do.
cut their hair and get a job; rent a flat above a shop.
smoke some cigs and play some pool; pretend they never went to school?
still, they'll never get it right, cause when they're lying in bed at night watching roaches climb the wall, if they called their dad he could stop it all.
also, he had a tryout with the judges' recording company a month ago.
i miss the powerblock tv how-to shows on sunday mornings.
they were no bullshit, straight forward, ‘here’s a project and how to do most of it’ shows with a little advertising thrown in at the end.
darn i miss old fast and loud.
that kind of shit ruined tanked for me.
so many “we have a catastrophe and if it doesn’t get fixed soon the whole tank is ruined.
” then after the commercial break everything is fine.
haha, i felt like i was the only one to notice that shit, like, every episode they're like "this is the biggest job weve had guys do not fuck this up" and right after the commercial break they fix their problem and the show goes on, and uh oh, the same thing happens next episode and it's like you have a tv show and a car shop, if you're hurting for money you're doing something wrong.
same with me and most all hunting/fishing shows.
99% is product pitches and guitar riffs.
recently i started watching meateater with steve rinella and love it.
turns out, it's made by zero point zero productions, who also made all of anthony bourdain's shows and i was a die hard fan.
it's got a really similar vibe, especially after the first season.
most important, the editing isn't the absolute most obnoxious thing imaginable.
intense music and chop cut-chop cut-swoosh noise-chop cut, don't go away because after commercials kitchen.
waiter throws something cooking.
woman crying ramsay.
shot of ramsay walking out the door while calling someone a donkey loud noise, knives on screen, fire in background.
aahhhhh- car insurance commercial
not to mention you get the high-brow, not-so-classy-but-oh-so-fancy british snark and sass which is just jolly good fun all around.
ramsey is also a lot more emotive and easy to connect with in the british one as well because he isn’t all-in on the rage and insults like the american version
yeah, it’s blatantly obvious the american producers got their hands on it, the older series is legit, with legit arguments
what, you don't usually receive 54 yo interns in your factory that are being followed around by a camera crew?
i read a reddit post by someone whose business was on ub a while back, they said that everyone knew immediately that they were on ub.
it's not necessarily scripted at first, but everyone still acts oddly because i mean.
it's clearly a tv show.
so people don't wanna be caught doing their job shittily.
ehhhhh it depends on the episode.
i was on the show, and they told us they were filming for a different show.
"but then they went and forced the emotional side,".
s1e1: hi new guy, did you know that my dad has cancer and my cat is sick.
i have really been striggling financially since this job has me supporting my 3 younger siblings.
obviously hyperbolic, but i don't have the exact quote from s1e1; there was still some sort of emotional/personal/financial issue that 1-2 of the workers had.
by the end of the episode both had received bonuses/additional support, blah blah blah.
there is no "reality" in that reality tv.
along with all the disbelief you have to suspend in "here is this new hire you need to train, who is totally just some random guy; and by the way he has a film crew with him.
dude, matt straight up sucks!
you mean on episode two?
the formula became apparent way early.
great idea for a show, but too predictable in the types of employees who are featured.
shut it the hell down.
also i think he is contractually obligated to not blink while on camera.
our (american) competition shows is basically sob stories.
especially cooking competition shows.
everyone has a sad reason they need to win $10,000.
as a american, i don’t understand why the shows do that.
 i don’t want to see the fake emotion.
 when i used to watch undercover boss, if the employee started to tell their sob story my dvr would fast forward.
 all i wanted to see is the boss being incapable of doing their employees jobs and hopefully having compassion for them.
 top chef is one of the few reality shows that doesn’t seem to have as much of the sob stories.
it is about cooking and being the best.
american tv is borderline unwatchable.
the manufactured drama could drown at least 2 seasons' casts of drag race.
take forged in fire, for example.
good idea, generally entertaining.
one backwards cymbal fade to black from being a survivor spinoff.
we all agree trust me lmao
this was what i had exactly in mind when i posted my comment.
also, the next top model franchise.
we drink tea to warm our hearts.
we drink a lot of tea.
shows like x factor still absolutely use and abuse this though.
what if the british version has emotional hooks, but they're too subtle for americans to notice?
german ones are just as bad.
maybe even worse.
haven’t seen enough of the american ones to say.
german ones literally have returning actors haha.
so you‘ll be watching „familien im brennpunkt“ which is about families who are having a tough time and there you‘ll get to know frida, family mother with anger issues.
then right after „familien im brennpunkt“, you might watch „die supernanny“, a show about a supernanny raising troubled kids and there you‘ll get to know berta, family mother at her witts end, who is just frida‘s actress with a different haircolor.
so yeah, german reality tv-shows actually have no right to be called that.
atleast in the us kitchen nightmares gordon actually goes to actual restaurants.
in german reality tv nothing is true.
the people dont exist and the stories are made up.
people find ways to justify their actions.
it's a defense mechanism of sorts that protects them from reality.
i imagine that's the only way torturers live with themselves.
they're doing the right thing in their own twisted world-view.
this particular method, the victim sits in a chair.
a very long garrote wire is affixed to the wall behind them.
gets wrapped around the victim’s neck.
torturer/execution pulls on it.
this is after substantial periods of beatings or other executions to extract information.
the wire can be pulled slowly to extend the suffering.
i watched the documentary a while ago, but as far as i can remember it was being strangled with thin wire so that it would sink into your neck, not allowing the victim to grab it.
he killed hundreds and hundreds of people with this method.
absolutely horrific, as is much of the documentary, but it’s a really important film and really worth watching.
i don’t remember if it was the same moment of the doc, but one method he describes is laying a victim on their knees in front of a table and then pulling their neck from behind with a wire, choking them against the table with his foot up for extra leverage.
steel wire wrapped around their necks.
more efficient than bullets, he said.
the book of job is far more hardcore than that, having a storm flatten his house and kill his children while falling ill from supernatural disease is a bit much.
to quote "common people" from pulp:.
"but still you'll never get it right  .
'cause when you're laid in bed at night  .
watching roaches climb the wall  .
if you called your dad he could stop it all, yeah"
their reaction is the real show.
but then they whip out the clause in the contract that allows their assistant to edit any scene that shows them in a negative light.
the problem would be that even if it was no problem, the ceo would still be pissed af because he has more important shit to do probably
shaves off 15 years from your life expectancy in addition to the soul-crushing, too.
yeah and they don’t actually have the same worries.
imagine being sentenced to prison for a crime you didn’t commit.
a day would be easy but a lifetime would be terrible.
dont forget the countless insensitive comments theyll make throughout the show like "just pay your bills on time then!
for only 400 dollars.
it's a tent on wheels!
you mean the office isn’t real?
watch, “alone” they teach the contestants to use the cameras and set up multiple shots.
and even then, a kind of like truman show is illegal because you have to give consent to release the video.
that's kinda what the first comment says too.
like how can someone experience what it's like to be poor if they know it will end in a month and if something really bad happens they'd just call the show/episode off.
the show would just be quirky bs, "oh no my car broke down so i need to take the bus" or "oh no i have only ramen to eat (eats full meal off camera)".
i'd fuck up bezos 1v1.
his karate is no match.
that's not quite right
or sending the fat soft politicians out to get shot at as an infantry soldier in the next war they send our kids into.
and there was when michael portillo became a single mother, that one was good, he grabbed that bottle of wine before realising it cost his entire food budget for the week, he did make a decent go of it though as i recall, but do they really remember what it was like when they're saying "we're all in this together" while half the parents are pretending they're not hungry at least one night a week to make sure the kids eat?
there was a similar programme where ian duncan smith and 2 or 3 other politicians did swap with poor people.
i think he may have been the only one that bailed.
weapons grade cunt.
this should be mandatory training for leaders though some still may not get it.
well, yeah, the rich part of town is a terrible place to be homeless.
everyone around you wants you out.
it's much safer to be homeless in the poor parts of town, where the residents have sympathy because they know they're next.
a scripted "reality" show?
surely you jest.
“what do they sell at walmart?
in my experience the people who actually made the money are often pretty good people.
flawed, as we all are, but fundamentally decent.
their kids though.
exactly, this show is still airing new episodes.
we on reddit just stopped watching.
thank you for articulating so clearly what's wrong with that show.
this sums it up for me too.
once they get back to their executive salaries and lives do you think that was ever revisited?
my money says no.
i had the same problem with “extreme makeover:home edition”.
it’s all “princess for a day,” with absolutely no questioning of whether there should be princesses or other royalty lording it over everyone else.
and this is how it would work if they decided to do the show op proposed.
there’s no way any of the major corporations, who control nearly every channel and network and are now getting into streaming, would give us a realistic portrayal.
politics work this way now too.
 here's the legislation we just passed, here's one person that benefit greatly from it.
(especially the corporate overlord, i mean sponsor of this bill)
that's why i hate that show!
i could never put it into words.
lol still better than undercover boss canada.
"hey sharon we know you're struggling for paying for university for your daughter while taking care of your parents with dementia and your other daughter with autism, but we heard she loved cinderella so here's a weeklong trip to disneyworld"
that escape was provided by ford.
which would make it effective propaganda.
and it never had that epiphany moment, where the boss realizes it's nearly impossible to work yourself up from the bottom without lots of advantages.
 i think american entertainment is tightly controlled more than people realize.
 there's nothing shocking or status quo rocking anymore right?
when was the last time any media provoked a social movement.
instead, media now is used to control the masses, it quells them.
hard hitting stories are replaced by mild inconveniences.
all media is paid by industry advertisers.
no media is rocking that boat.
industry doesn't want the status quo rocked.
 you'd never have a show on western television that is provoking.
that won't ever happen again.
internet was the best chance but did you see how quick marketeers moved on it.
look at youtube compared to 10 years ago.
media is too strong to be left to it's on desires.
instead it always has to be controlled because it's the most direct way of sending messages to the people.
it can't ever be free.
we would never get a show that challenges our current system because the people who would fund those shows are people who would lose wealth over it.
don't forget to chuck in a handful of frozen/tinned veg, an egg and a bit of soy sauce to convince yourself that it's a proper meal
yeah that's great until you've been doing it for years and start feeling chest pains, roll into the er because you can't afford a doctor, and they tell you your blood pressure is dangerously high from years of cheap high sodium diets and if you don't change your lifestyle your heart will explode.
shetler  water  food
"i don't have any money for rent big bro.
also i'm stuck in the washing machine, can you help me out?
it's not as good a source of protein as the internet makes it out to be.
and after that, you've still gotta show up to work and put on a happy face or get 3 different earfulls from your 3 different bosses.
or tell them to go get a sick note
and they can't just call it quits.
failure means spending the rest of the three months on the streets.
or that thing when you get 30 days notice your rent is going up 200% due to "market fluctuations" from tech company expanding headquarters, so you need to find a new place and possibly a car (since you'll be outside of public transit bounds to afford rent) immediately.
 the last 4 years you all described my life perfectly.
here's hoping my new job actually pays off well.
don’t forget to throw in some student loan debt.
well then we'd just have to tow it outside of the environment.
i was thinking more like, crashing on their couch or using there cars, but good point!
intentional or not that pun is pretty sick tho
or in a suburb in america with no public transport because "it'll bring those kinds of people here.
" by which our mayor meant poor people (who are already here), drug addicts (again, here already), gang members (again, here) and homeless people (yup.
thanks for the silver, stranger!
that's a fantastic way of determining which extras they get.
you've got a bright future as a reality tv producer.
this is such a great idea.
now i'm wondering what kind of questions would be best to ask.
aaaaaand congratulations you're fired!
wanted ad: child, big asshole, to live with random billionaire.
“ok, billy, all you have to do is act normal.
imagine bezos working.
that itself is almost punishment enough.
the worry and stress, trying to pay the outrageous bills from christmas with a check 1/3 the size of the last few weeks, kids probably starting to get sick, etc.
there's no rule they have to be exact calendar months.
 start mid-november like a week before thanksgiving, go to mid-february.
 you get black friday, the holiday season, post-holiday cut backs, and the worst of the winter weather all in one, plus heat bills to pay.
that's the thing right there.
some documentaries/reality shows have already been made with this idea in mind, in some fashion anyway.
it's not inherently a bad idea, but it's negating too many variables that put the person there in the first place.
the very notion that it's temporary ruins the entire study.
only way to do it properly would be to somehow yank them out of their cushy lifestyle without their knowledge or consent and that's wildly unethical.
yeah the true despair of being poor is that you really can't see any way out.
or the effects of having lived a lower quality of life until then.
a pampered healthy body and few or even no mental health issues will make them last a bit longer.
i'm not sure if that example specifically refers to a real person; it's almost completely plausible and i was more or less on board until the very specific detail of the four month-long medically induced coma he was put under while the doctors had to "find a replacement for his dick that got cut off.
" it's fucking hilarious though and was my first "laugh alone at my desk like a lunatic" moment of the day.
fortunately, there are lots of good car shows on youtube.
tavarish, hoovies garage, wrech every day and watchjrgo are all really enjoyable to watch, if you like shows about buying and  tinkering on rare/old/exotic or just plain weird cars.
for car reviews, i like raitis rides and straight pipes.
for auto auctions, yourcarbro looks at and buys a lot of cool, ultra rare jdm cars at japanese auctions.
one of those baking shows, i think it was cake boss, does that.
they made this huge cake and then had to move it down a flight of stairs to the van.
of course, it fell and was destroyed.
it goes to commercial with everyone giving each other the "oh shit oh fuck" look.
comes back from commercial, "good thing we have an identical backup cake!
are you fucking serious.
oh, i saw this episode!
yeah, but the show he does in the uk is apparently run by a camera man with adhd and a zoom fetish.
the show can't go for more then six seconds without a zoom cut to a quarter inch from gordon's hands.
half the time i can't understand what he's cooking from the visuals because all i see is a knife cutting some red vegetable.
is that a beet?
fuck if i know, i can see the damn thing's genetic code and atomic structure, but not the damn shape its zoomed in so much.
then after the break someone drops a plate and that's it
fuck that's accurate.
right, because they had to make him relatable to us angry americans.
it fuckin pisses me off that they did that!
yeah there were so egotistical chefs in the uk one who you could tell were legit.
the staff were cringing around them before the argument came.
i pretty much knew from "hi, i'm matt.
that sketch is more accurate than the actual show.
i can't have a family anymore cause my dick got chopped off in the accident.
 the first 2 seasons maybe.
 but after this many seasons you got to know what's up when an older new person shows up with a camera crew.
 it's gotta be fairly obvious at this point.
what sort of show did they say?
just curious, as i always think if a camera crew are following a rookie for a non exciting job, i'd think it's probably undercover boss.
also some of the disguises are hilarious and pretty obvious
just give me a raise.
i ain't asking for no kind of scholarships or nothing.
after the rain comes the rainbow.
sorry i killed your son.
i learned a lot today, i think people are going to love the new me.
the other day a guy wanted to buy new refrigeration for his restaurant.
my husband and i were pleasantly surprised by sure a mundane but nice reason to want the money.
usually it’s sad or it’s “my kids have never been on vacation so.
” which is sweet but still playing up emotions for tv.
the top model is really bad for this one.
example: girl walks in looking completely normal, then tyra  says:.
"wow your eyes are looking sad, what's going on?
sad  music plays .
"i was molested as a child".
does anyone actually still watch that show?
they have emotional hooks but it's vastly less dramatic because we don't expect them to be there.
we expect the hooks to more be in what's not said and to be in the background.
for instance, one of the later series of great british bake off has a woman with a congenital hand issue, and one of my happiest moments was realising they were never going to mention it, draw attention to it, anything.
it was just a thing in the background that was true but not an issue.
an american show would never have done that - they'd have forced it to be a big deal and forced this poor lass to talk about how haaard it was etc.
nah, she just got on with shit because being able-bodied or disabled is kind of irrelevant, we're here to find a good baker not a good sob story.
the emotional hook is that you get invested in your favourite characters and want them to do well, but also love that they all support each other and care about each other doing well.
you don't need to force it with manipulating character backstories.
now that netflix run it, you can see that the american influence is bleeding in and a lot of people don't like it.
most of my fellow americans need to be beaten over the head with a plot device to notice it.
i think many people would be surprised how much this can occur too.
like nazi germany, they fully believed they were helping their country and doing the right thing.
my dad used to torture people when he was in special forces, he drinks heavily just to be able to sleep at night.
i once asked him if he thought the information he got saved lives, he just said maybe five or ten, it wasn’t worth it.
he’s a jingoistic jerk most of the time, but occasionally that mask falls and he just breaks down.
he defends torture as a method of getting information in public but will break down and admit it was monstrous in private.
i think it’s all saving face.
the last execution by garrote was in spain in 1974.
i have a reasonable morbid curiosity, but i did not need to read that.
unless you make the rules so extreme that no billionaire would ever agree with it.
kill off literally their entire family.
it's ok though at the end they get a new one.
not the old family back, just a new one.
honestly, i'm partial to the bizarre william shatner version of the song.
insert intense zoom shots at their face at 50° angle and boom background music
true, so the film goes unproduced, however the entertainment, comedy, and scandals roll over to a script, or actors for an snl skit or something.
they are out there.
you'd make them do a year?
"why dont presidents fight the war?
why do they always send the poor?
look what homeless gave me, mother.
here's some money, go see a star war
yeah but they are the rich so theys get to see how shit they really are
honestly though i’ve seen it both ways.
my best friend is unbelievably wealthy and yes, she has her sheltered moments but she’s so fucking sweet and generous.
one of the coolest people i’ve ever met in my life.
in college i also met a guy at a party in his parents’ $20+ million house and he was insanely nice and humble too.
just a reminder that you can be a bit spoiled and still be a really good person.
i hate to see people completely discounted because of their family wealth instead of being judged on their character.
i just found it interesting that everyone was talking about it in past tense even though it still airs.
i watched it with my mom while i was visiting her.
you never know if the next new hire is actually the boss, so don’t be slipping up.
we’re watching you from all angles
"man that experience sure taught me to appreciate what i have!
thanks for the perspective, poor people!
plus now the people that own the home owe more taxes from the improvements done to their home.
yeah, the problem is that the ceo's and companies signing up for this are those who know they will come out looking like angels.
they roasted an employer of a rental car dealership in france a couple of weeks ago because she gave this employee doing the job above and beyond a weekend at disneyland but give a younger guy who ignored her during lunch to watch harry potter on his phone a management training session so he could move up in the company.
that twitter feed was hilarious as they flailed around with excuses .
there would also be a market for a show that flays predatory lenders and student loan officers.
but now i'm being redundant.
and triple the cost?
its about efficiency!
old habits die hard lol, that was my staple when i was in grad school making 20k a year.
that and a bag of day old bagels at the start of the week for $3 with peanut butter.
i still do that.
tesco near me have a huge haul of out of date bread twice a week, so this dude comes by in his estate car and fills up so he can use it to feed his pigs.
i've had loaves from him so i could crumble it for breadcrumbs for stuffing, coatings for scotch eggs etc.
got to say my best haul as a student was when they were throwing out bags of flour because they had surpassed their "use by" date.
how in the hell do they let that happen?
flour lasts for like 8 months.
till you get sick from the bleach these places dump all over it.
seriously, in the us all that food that couldn't be sold just gets tossed, and then bleached so you cant eat from the dumpster.
ive literally walked off a job when i refused to dump chems all over perfectly good food and they said i had to.
no point in paying utilities or buying stuff if you get evicted.
this comment reminds me that i only have like, 6 more decades until i finally die.
this shit hits home.
and you can't even vent to your co-worker about anything because your co-worker is an undercover boss who is filming it and will call you out and fire you in front of millions of viewers for being a negative nancy.
but they're saying the closest hospital is "out of network?
i had to wait 6 hours!
and theyre constantly at risk of being fired.
no special treatment whatsoever.
hey, just want to get a better idea on things.
i’m asian and most ppl that i know stays with their parents until late 20s, possibly even late 30s unless they are married.
too often have i heard of “the west” wanting “freedom” and how the young adults will quickly seek out a job and an apartment of their own ( rental ) asap.
is this really the culture there?
for me, i don’t mind staying with my parents while slowly taking over the expenses.
it’s a smoother curve with tons of fallbacks / experiences to rely on as compared to just venturing outwards by myself.
one of the justification i can think of now is this.
perhaps,their family are so messed up that the kids rather take up loans than to deal with them but it seems too extreme to thinking of everyone as having a fucked up family.
that breaks like every lease law in the universe.
 if you have a lease, it can't change until it ends or the parties voluntarily agree to modify it, or a court orders it invalid.
 i would definitely sue.
unless you're month to month, then you're fucked, because you basically have a new lease every 30 days.
well then, good luck man.
hope you get lucky
into another environment?
more like sleep in their guest house.
you're over your shitty low coverage for the year and now your health bill is out of pocket
same reason rich ppl say they don't want m4a by saying "i want a choice!
" yeah really you want the choice of a doctor that poor ppl don't have access to
was in australia and a distant relative told me how great it was to live in their area north of sydney as there was no train line so less immigrants.
i think she must've forgotten that she's one.
how much could a banana cost?
imagine bezos pissing in a bottle to meet his quota, then being fired because a robot doesn't piss.
our usual bet mortimer?
only way to do it properly would be to somehow yank them out of their cushy lifestyle without their knowledge or consent and that's wildly unethical.
and if you're into the fixin up classics side, there's a whole set of guys like junkyard digs, thunderhead289, dylan mccool, vicegrip garage, deboss garage, zipties and bias plies, flying sparks garage, thecraig909, gibson63.
and for newer stuff there's samcrac, alex rebuilds, rich rebuilds, eric the car guy, chrisfix.
so many options you could start a new powernation channel.
eleven times, in fact.
"i can see it's genetic code and atomic structure".
thanks for the laugh
this was a big complaint about his show “the f word” too.
 it still gets blown apart over it on youtube to this day
not to make him more relatable, just that they knew him getting mad was the biggest draw and so turned it up to the max.
my dick got chopped up tho
tell him about my chopped up dick.
sure, which is why the entire process leading up you're in contact with a producer assigned to you, and you're fully aware it's for a tv show.
you just think it's a totally different type of show.
they have fake badges and all the paperwork has the name of the fake show on it.
you're fully aware that you're going to be on tv, they just tell you it's for something else.
they told us they were filming for a reality competition, and one of the challenges was to drop the contestant into a real-world business to see how they do with particular tasks.
after they filmed with us, we were supposed to get together with "celebrity judges" to evaluate their performance
i think i did pretty well.
i met 4 friends and only killed one.
the uk shows tend to have much lower prize money amounts, 1,000-2,000 pound.
when you ask people what they'll do with the money, they basically say "oh we kinda want a kitchen remodel" or "we'll go on a nice cruise and bring the grandparents so they can see our kids" or occasionally "i was planning on using it as the down-payment for a new flat".
fairly real-people things to use money for, far less sob-story bullshit.
i think i didn't even notice until the fourth episode.
a lot of herd mentality and propaganda and gradually acclimatizing the masses to more and more extreme positions as well.
humans are extremely durable at times, and at other times extremely fragile and fallible (mentally).
it's easy for some to take advantage of that.
they didn't just think they were helping germany.
they thought they were saving human cilivazation.
countries rise and fall all the time.
one more is only so much.
but what would someone be willing to do to save humanity as a whole?
we can see what they're willing to do.
that's quite harrowing, thanks for sharing.
will the show include 6 episodes of them arguing moral philosophy with god?
otherwise we are just sacrificing accuracy
and the paperwork they sign has to make sure to state that they can't get financial support from outside sources.
i know a photo of jk simmons in sunglasses when i see one.
and that stupid fucking "power vest" is all over seattle.
i know it's a soad lyric, but most presidents do have military experience.
the last 2 haven't (dubya is debatable), but a good like, 3/4 have.
but also i do think military experience should be a requirement for presidency, given that they're literally commander in chief of the armed forces.
you depend on our protection yet you feed us lies from the tablecloth
you’re not technically wrong, but have you ever looked at banana prices?
they’re obscenely cheap.
like less than a quarter cheap.
bananas will cost $10 when a ford focus costs over half a million.
not in our lifetime.
yeah truth is that people are people and whilst their environment may make them more likely to be a certain way, it’s in no way guaranteed
people tend to point at money as the culprit, but i think it has more to do with environment.
you can see the same entitled and spoiled nature from the top rungs of society all the way down to the bottom.
i'm not sure about relative frequencies, but i do know they exist.
i think parenting plays a big role.
if you're raised with a silver spoon, everyone starts to look like a servant.
kind of like the hammer and nails problem.
 the new guy has a whole ass camera crew following him around!
srsly, that shit was soooo phony!
 of course they knew who he was!
it's the same with the show cops.
that show has been used almost exclusively to repair the reputations of police departments embroiled in controversy.
at least add the egg.
eggs are cheap af.
you can get a dozen for like $1.
25 which comes out to about 10 cents each.
we had instant ramen with frozen veggies and an egg last night.
no matter how much we make, it will always be one of my favourite meals.
this comment reminded me of how excited i am for my natural retirement
with the right choices you can cut that down to 3 decades tops.
smoke as many cigarettes as you can fit in your mouth, acquire a habit for downing bottles of absinthe, and shelf a fuckload of pingers.
repeat the process twice weekly for best results.
 the ulitimate undercover at a sepeeate compamy.
 they get fired the lose thier job.
 they lose their company!
and they’re verbally harassed at work.
it’s practically legal.
there is generally a stigma against living with your parents past a certain age but i agree it should be an option if you need it and your parents aren't destitute or trying to helicopter you or anything.
my parents were toxic and i needed to get out for my own sanity.
probably not the case for every young adult, but there are enough of us.
but yes, it’s definitely like that here in the usa.
a young adult/twenty-something who “still lives with his parents” is seen as something undesirable, someone you wouldn’t want to date.
“ugh, but he still lives with his parents.
” or a common internet insult is, “i know you’re typing this bs from your parents’ basement” (the implication being that the person is a troll/loser.
i had a friend who used to teach english in china.
when it came time to teach the phrase, “by myself”, she used the example of, “after college i moved out of my parents’ house and lived by myself.
” she had such a hard time teaching that because her students were truly dumbfounded by the idea that you would move out like that.
i can’t speak for everyone but i know a lot of teens like me start looking to move asap because we have shitty parents that we don’t want to or can’t deal with anymore.
honestly i’d live anywhere that’s not here at this point.
the reason that perception exists is that the economy and job markets in the us did facilitate early independence -- for white families, anyway -- until a generation of boomers made everything more expensive,  required more education for jobs they just walked into, cut taxes on the rich, and dissolved most of the social safety net that had been in place since the great depression.
now those people think we're lazy and stupid because we can't walk into a career at 19 that buys a house, a car, two vacations a year and 2.
there a lot of reasons but one is that a person that is still living with their parents are typically viewed as lazy.
they aren't seen as taking care of their elders but rather using them to avoid responsibility.
in reality, it's a 60 day renewal notice letting you know rent is going up 34.
9% because regional statutes dictate annual increases 35% or over are a violation.
while working full time and managing a family of 3 on a slightly higher than minimum wage, you spend any free time taking the bus from apartment to apartment trying to find a complex that has a 2 bedroom for less than $2500 a month, and which will be available in 2 months.
they're all too expensive or they won't know what's available until current tenants get their renewal notices in, and that's only a 30 day requirement.
unsuccessful with city housing options, you find rent similar to what you've been used to, but it's outside of public transit and you'll have to move your kids schools in the middle of the year.
and maybe get a car?
as tech company headquarters continues to expand, will rent rates increase in the suburbs too?
find out next time.
 got lucky recently with a free college course and apprenticeship so hopefully.
no, it's been towed beyond the environment.
what you’re $7500 in the hole from a hospital bill and you haven’t hit your $15,000 deductible?
those are rookie numbers!
even then, this is a bogus argument.
we already don’t have choice - you pick a doctor in your network.
insurance companies already dictate the pool of doctors you can choose from.
don't get me started on that shit.
right now, we have excellent healthcare through my husband's employer and i am so grateful.
i can finally get the antianxiety/antidepressant that works best for me instead of having to make do with one that doesn't work so great.
i can afford to actually see a doctor about the chronic pain i've lived with for half my life (turns out i have ra, fibro and possibly atypical psoriatic arthritis--bloodwork hasn't come back on that yet) and do something about it.
i had horrible horrible sciatica pain that i was able to go to the doctor about instead of being in so much pain i could barely walk.
we are not poor.
i consider us poor-adjacent, tbh.
i think technically we're "middle class" but just barely.
but i grew up poor as fucking dirt and i know how hard the poor have it.
how shitty the healthcare was.
how shitty it still is because my mom has to rely on medicare for her healthcare now and she can barely afford to see a doctor for her 84,000 health problems.
health problems which started when she was in her mid 40s (i'm 41 now) which scare the living shit out of me.
imagine the robot pissing on bezos because it needed to assert dominance.
i was just making a joke, please let me have this.
it's all i may ever have.
straight meat gristle.
the point he is making is not that you know you are on tv, but what "other show" (the fake one) is going to be centered around the camera crew following a brand new employee starting at the lowest level that is 40+?
even if you don't know 100% that it is undercover boss, you have your suspicions and so you are going to act as if it was.
i'm currently a billionaire ceo living a life of luxury.
where do i sign up?
he's here to pump iron and give his workers basic rights and dignity.
and he's all out of basic rights and dignity.
jfk was an actual hero.
 his dad tried to get him a cushy out if the way post but he still wound up in action and when his ship was sunk he swam back to saved as many of his crew as he could
i always figured they meant it as what you said last.
the people giving the orders should be at the front of their decisions, not detatched and unaffected.
i thought they were mostly officers though, not enlisted.
theres a big difference there.
most people agree.
that's why having military experience usually helps a candidate
iirc there was always a cover story like they were filming some new training videos or something.
it's not like this new employee just randomly shows up with a camera crew.
not to that that makes the show any better, but still.
that's literally doubling the cost of the meal
do you fry the egg or hard boil it?
what's the preferred cooking method?
asking for a friend as i'm totally rich right now.
thanks for that.
when i was homeless for a while, the best day was the day that suddenly word went around the camp that someone had dropped off a huge haul of onion buns.
i still get nostalgic when i have an onion buns, more than a decade later.
we live in a wild time, methinks.
 i'm fairly old (7th decade), so i remember back to the early 1960s, and certain common things then, which today are either unheard of, or even you've-got-to-be-kidding in nature.
cracker barrels (thin, oak, with hinged lids, 30 gallon) .
of all sorts of things.
 spaghetti (in the much nicer 18 inch length).
rice, bulgar, barley, cornmeal.
 weevils were always an issue, tho'.
no dates on any packaging.
 instead of the nanny-state trying to ensure product 'safety' (which is just an excuse to toss stuff which is perfectly good, turning over stock and corporate profits), it was 'buyer-be-conscious-of-what's-good'.
no plastic film, period.
 the meat counter had butchers, who cut-and-packaged your purchases personally.
 in pink glazed paper.
 and your fish in newspaper.
 and your vegetables in little brown paper bags with handles.
 and your groceries in really strong paper bags.
sodas in glass bottles, or steel cans.
 mostly endlessly reused glass, for the common brands, steel cans for the odd stuff.
there weren't aisles and aisles of cleaning products, or sugary snacks, or snacking-chips, or individually wrapped anythings.
 we were happy -- as kids -- with milk and graham crackers!
 and not-instant-cooking oatmeal topped with butter and brown sugar.
there might've only been 2 or 3 brands of ice cream.
same for packaged breakfast cereals, 'pasta sauces'.
there were a lot of canned vegetables tho': vast swaths of our nation really didn't have veggies in winter.
 or sizeable markets that'd try to stock them.
life is different now.
with global climate change, and our utter societal addiction to hyper-ubiquitous product distribution and truck-oriented transportation, whether all the talk about doing good is rendered moot by just-how-far we've deviated form the 1960s 'mostly-let's-reuse-it' mantra.
at this point it's my only retirement option
crystal meth will really accelerate things.
and shelf a fuckload of pingers.
wtf does this mean
and every episode, they have to spend at least 45 minutes (we see a condensed version) reading internet comments telling them all about boot straps, and getting a real job.
i just started my first job and my aim is to slowly take over payment for.
learn to do the taxes, pay the bills, what to do if things break etc.
if i mess up anything, at least i can still refer to my parents ( for now ).
end goal would be to learn how to learn.
i feel that mine never equipped me for the real world and kicked me out at 18.
homeless for awhile now  i am living comfortable on that food stamp/ gov housing.
make 800$ a month working 15 hours a week, and go to college full time.
literally live relatively comfortable, but they cant afford to let me live at home on their 85k/yr combined salaries.
2+ yrs and i got that bachelors in chemical engineering.
my daughter is only 2 right now, but i'm determined to have a place for her in my home for the entirety of my life.
if she choses to stay, that's entirely on her but i will never deny her a home.
few months before i graduated my dad told me he was moving across the country with his girlfriend of under a year and it was strongly implied that i wasn’t welcome (he only offered painfully when his girlfriend was there because she was actually a pretty nice lady).
actually the first time he visited arizona was right after i got a concussion and he dropped me off at my sisters so he could fuck off and have his fun weekend
i don’t even think i can afford kids.
i can probably raise up a few kids but they won’t have the optimal education package to make them truly truly shine.
kids are expensive mann.
yeah, but from one environment to another environment.
it was a great joke.
good thing we live in such enlightened times.
that could never happen now.
message me im on minimum wage barely making it.
you had me in the first half there, not gonna lie.
like seinfeld, he's so rich that he has nothing better to do.
kennedy gathered around the wreckage his surviving ten crew members to vote on whether to "fight or surrender".
kennedy stated: "there's nothing in the book about a situation like this.
a lot of you men have families and some of you have children.
what do you want to do?
i have nothing to lose.
" shunning surrender, around 2:00 p.
on august 2, the men swam towards plum pudding island 3.
6 km) southwest of the remains of pt-109.
3344 despite re-injuring his back in the collision, kennedy towed a badly burned crewman through the water to the island with a life jacket strap clenched between his teeth.
45 kennedy made an additional two-mile swim the night of august 2, 1943, to ferguson passage to attempt to hail a passing american pt boat to expedite his crew's rescue and attempted to make the trip on a subsequent night, in a damaged canoe found on naru island where he had swum with ensign george ross to look for food.
on august 4, 1943, he and lenny thom assisted his injured and hungry crew on a demanding swim 3.
04 km) southeast to olasana island, which was visible to the crew from their desolate home on plum pudding island.
they swam against a strong current, and once again kennedy towed the badly burned motor machinist "pappy" macmahon by his life vest.
the somewhat larger olasana island had ripe coconut trees, but still no fresh water.
47 on the following day, august 5, kennedy and ensign george ross made the one hour swim to naru island, an additional distance of about .
80 km) southwest, in search of help and food.
kennedy and ross found a small canoe, packages of crackers, candy and a fifty-gallon drum of drinkable water left by the japanese, which kennedy paddled another half mile back to olasana in the acquired canoe to provide his hungry crew.
lieutenant "bud" liebenow, a friend and former tentmate of kennedy's, rescued kennedy and his crew on olasana island on august 8, 1943 aboard his boat, pt-157, with the help of coast watcher lieutenant reginald evans and several native coast watchers, particularly biuku gasa and eroni kumana.
mckinley, buchanan, lincoln.
but i'm not sure why there's a big difference.
a number of them that weren't enlisted men and were in the officer corps still saw combat and still got their asses shot up/shot at.
there's a bar here in são paulo that has bunches of bananas hanging on the wall and you can just help yourself.
bananas don't go well with beer, however.
and if you watch the show people realize what's going on all the time and call them out.
people who worked for these companies had to know something was up.
i mean i know how effing cheap my huge corporation is.
there's no way they'd hire a professional camera crew to film any sort of video on our property.
hr would just follow us around with their cell phone and take a few shots.
but somehow these rinky dink operations with like 10 employees can afford a whole entire camera professional crew to follow around a trainee?
it’s also the only part of the meal keeping you alive, so if anything skip the ramen and down the egg.
but it’s quintupling the nutritional value.
i imagine bad things would happen after a month with no protein .
just drop it in with the noodles while the water is hot and stir.
best way imo is to cook the noodles and whip the egg up separately with the oil and flavour sachet.
once the noodles are done, drain them and pour them into the egg/flavour mix, stir it together well then fry it up in a buttered frying pan until its nice and crispy.
also remember to flip it so it is nice and crispy on both sides.
i use indomie mie goreng ramen because it is fucking unreal.
you can also add cheese to make it even better if you've just been paid.
just tell your personal chef to make it “peasant style”
my retirement will probably involve me going to prison or something, since i barely have anything else to pull from
i make very little.
i have been making below the federal poverty line and paying 11% of my income into a “defined benefits plan” for 7 years.
the good part is my employer matches that 11%.
the bad part is the plan is starting to sink.
i will be vested at my 8 year mark.
mandatory 11% of my poverty wages and there probably won’t be anything left when i retire in 30 years.
i spent a lot of time shopping for retirement options.
by that i mean i spent a lot of time online researching which hollowpoints cause the most tissue damage with the smallest impact.
in more ways than one.
rectal application of mdma.
two knuckles up the rectum and to the left is a little shelf to rest you xtc on and receive 10 time the hi
it means /r/straya is leaking.
i'd also like to see them apply to other jobs with the resume of one of those employees.
with the hope that you're parents have good money management skills to teach you.
is this all true down the class ladder in your country?
or does living at home only apply to a certain class of people?
i grew up below the poverty line and dont want to do that to a kid.
whatever i have i'll just leave to whichever of my friends kids i like best.
totally forgoing kids this time around.
i’m forty years old and just recently could afford my first apartment without roommates.
also just got health insurance for the first time.
but i work 70 hrs a week to afford it.
i don’t think it will last much longer than my lease.
of course, it could have been much worse.
could have been made out of cardboard or cardboard derivatives.
it's like scared straight: after the first season or two all the kids knew nothing would really happen to them.
didn't stop the guards and inmates from trying, though.
wouldn't most people also have at least seen the boss at some point before?
i don't get how that would work.
nah, you need the calories to keep you moving and the excessive sodium to replenish all the salt lost through your nightly tears as you wonder how long you can keep going like this.
 when i had only a couple bucks to buy food for a week or two i’d always just buy the biggest carton of eggs i could afford.
more nutritious and more filling than ramen.
could get around a dozen and a half eggs for a couple bucks.
american dollar vs.
canadian dollar is what i'm assuming.
or, what's more likely is that when certain foods are brought to canada they instantly cost more money than the states because the producer is going to sell less in canada than the states due to the size population between the two.
so to make up the cost of shipping/selling in canada, they jack the price up.
it only gets worse the farther north you go.
gotta get healthcare somehow.
we call that boofing around here.
i learn so much reading comments on here 
give them three lifelines, like on who wants to be a millionaire, only the lifelines are buried under red-tape, and cannot be used in the case of pre-existing conditions.
but our cars are very safe, brian, i want to make that quite clear.
what if jod was one of us?
a large chunk of my taking the lord's name in vain would go away.
do you want a holy war?
because that's how you get a holy war.
he would also say, “my name isn’t god” then he would pronounce his name and everyone’s faces would melt.
we’d be like, “no way!
” and he’d be like, “yahweh.
holy shit, y’all are making my day
i would be converted.
thanks for the upvotes and awards guys!
what if satan came down one day and said ''it's pronounced 'zlatan' then left?
“i recognize the council has made a decision, but given that it’s a stupid-ass decision, i’ve elected to ignore it.
then all of scandinavia will pronounce it like "yod" and the spanish will pronounce it like "hod"
you'd have different religious factions arguing that they're right and the other is wrong.
does that mean jesus would be pronounced geezus?
it’s been 7 years since the creator of gifs confirmed the correct pronunciation of the word.
this just proves that nobody on the internet has forgiven him.
“they are illusions michael!
a trick is something a whore does for money”
graphic omnipotent deity.
no, that's a hard g, bud.
all the “jif” people would be really happy
then we can be divisive on a whole slew of new things!
was that really god?
who made god leave again?
i bet it was the liberals!
they drove god away!
jod was talking to me in particular!
 only i may refer to him as such!
we have to murder anyone who dare says it with a hard "g"!
“i respect all religions equally”.
earlier that day.
“i don’t care for jod”
jesus is actually pronounced yeshua.
i doubt he would care.
god isn't really a name though.
100% would still pronounce it gif, not jif.
heh jokes on you.
here we call him allah.
get back here and answer for children with cancer, you motherfucker!
well i'd have to think he's just trolling because god actually isn't even his name.
his name is yhwh, god is just what people called him when they didn't want to use his actually name and after a while it just became the only thing people called him.
christians, jews, and muslims only believe in one god so calling their god "god" never had the problem of becoming confusing.
though i know certain sect of christians call him jehovah, which seems to be an anglicized version of yhwh.
and also allah is just arabic for god, it's not another name for him.
it's like the equivalent of christians saying deus, the only difference is latin has lost it's value as the christian/western world's lingua franca.
would satan make an announcement that it’s pronounced sah-tin instead of say-tin
i would be like "didn't see that coming"
become a heretic.
i refuse to pronounce it “jod”
why would yhwh be speaking english or care what the english word for god is?
 that’s not his name, it’s just our word for entities like him.
kneel before jod?
in that case praise geezus
oh my jod we messed up
god is just a title to signify his level of power, his proper name is different depending on how you believe.
jehovah, yahweh, allah, zarathustra, etc.
people's names are their own, and the owner of the name is the exclusive authority on its pronunciation.
anyone who doesn't listen to someone when they inform how to pronounce their name is an asshole.
‘geez guys no wonder i didn’t answer your prayers’
just a nob like one of us.
just a stranger on a bus.
jod knows what was in your heart when you said it.
only a large chunk?
did you have some inside info on this jod thing and start using it before his announcement?
depends on the interpretation.
some take "taking his name in vain" to mean something like "don't invoke god just for personal gain; yes, i'm talking to you, pastor three-jets.
the punishment due?
marty friedman intensifies
moartars and martyrs!
#you're talking shit to someone in holy war distance
e: i realize this isn’t the definition, but i’m keeping it anyway.
dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dunnnnnnn
i'll research how to summon a servant.
his name is (at least approximately) yahweh.
calm down, alanis.
prepare your face, the abrahamic god's name is jehova or arguably yaweh
take my upvote and go yahweh.
lock the thread, this is about as good as it's going to get.
a lot of people are focusing on the pronunciation part, while overlooking that it would confirm god exists.
multiple people replying saying that it would confirm "jod" exists.
 no it wouldn't.
 it would still be spelled god, just pronounced differently than we thought.
zlatan means golden in some languages
ibrahimovic is looking very sus over there
zlatan: "only god knows who will go through.
reporter: "it's hard to ask him.
zlatan: "you're talking to him.
- 2014 world cup qualifying playoffs
zlatan ibrahimovic is our lord and saviour, how dare you heretic
then the football player would make more sense.
i just had a brainfart, i know this was a samuel l jackson line, but i just spent 10 minutes trying to figure out when mace windu says this, isn't he influential in the council?
it's nick fucking fury fml
the jod formerly known as god.
i understood that reference
this then pisses some people off because jod is also how you pronounce dirt.
at least it would fix the french problem.
the proper term for a dildo is "godemichet" which is often shortened to "god".
(of course dildo is widely used too, probably more than god depending on region and age.
before someone references it, yeah yeah that scene in the exorcist
in spain they would be start calling him: dioz.
i mean, op said god came down and said it's pronounced jod not spelled jod
what about atheists and agnostics, would they pick a side or start a new religion?
or maybe they’d deny the event even happened.
the next great schism will be caused by a gif/jif style argument, that figures
we already pronounce jesus as geezus.
he would just come back and say it's jess-us
the ultimate geezer
why you keep calling me jesus, i look puerto rican to you?
i've come across a version of the bible entitled "de nyew testament.
" it's the new testament written in gullah phonetically.
within this text jesus is spelled/pronounced as jedus.
i was going to go with "my jod, he's right!
but yours is better.
 better by far, joddamit.
the “gif” argument would be over
i cannot remember which one the creator says it is.
was it a hard or soft g?
the makers of jif peanut butter should weigh in that their product is pronounced with a hard g just to fuck with people.
i don't give a fuck what that dude says.
for at least 3 reasons: 1.
graphics interchange format, obviously the g in graphics is a hard g.
why would gif and jif be pronounced the same?
the word gift, removing the t wouldn't change the pronunciation of the g.
i don’t care for jod
i scrolled down way too far to find the arrested development reference!
it was the first thing i thought of.
"you're sinning against a deity in a $6,000 suit, i mean come on!
he's ready to "let the son of jod enfold me.
no no, its "geoff on demand".
giraffeical omnipotent deity.
jod has a long neck
no its geo omnipotent deity.
so a hard j, pal.
that gif argument always bugs me.
acronyms don’t keep the pronunciation of their words.
it’s not “scuhb-aa.
yeah, this thread was a long way to go for the gif battle.
i think it would create issues amoung the lines of "wait god can directly talk to us?
what about metatron and the pope and the entire god being a being we humans can not comprehend thing?
was that a lie?
does that mean god has a form now?
or at the very least a voice?
it would collapse a large portion of theology, both modern and old as all of a sudden there's answers to questions and more questions that we had never even considered.
imagine the rapture happening, the lord himself float down from the heavens.
the world await his words.
then, with an exasperated tone he exclaim "listen, my name is yeshua, get it right you fucks!
no that's not how it's pronounced, yeshua is the original hebrew name.
jesus is just an english translation from his latin name.
this is why in islam, his name is ʿīsā.
so there's probably some truth to that here with yeshua.
i wonder where the pronunciation for jesus came from then?
the correct saying is j-money
eta: thanks for the gold!
thanks for the jold, you mean.
tell that to my pet goldfish!
it's now pronounced ahyah
jod would have to leave, to avoid a line up of a couple billion people ready to slap the shit out of it.
in hebrew it is יהוה.
the י can be read as i or y,  ו is v,  u or o,  and ה is h (and a nightmare for people who learn hebrew).
jehovah is one of the options to read it.
usually you would just say lord, though (adonai).
i'd be like "what firemaster2311 said"
how do you pronounce gif?
tell that to mr.
jod was not the impostor
just a dickhead on a bus
trying to make his way home.
jod acting kinda sus
“jesus” or “the holy spirit” still counts
fun fact: the word used in torah is “nasa” which means to “to lift up” or “to carry.
” so the verse is better translated “you shall not carry yahweh’s name incorrectly.
” it has little to do with swearing or invoking, and everything to do with representing yahweh in a manner that is respectful to his commands.
pastor three-jets should still take heed.
a similar interpretation is to act in a way that makes jesus name less powerful or worthy.
a "christian" certainly doesn't have the same meaning these days.
they kiiiiiiilled my wife and my baybuh
having that knowledge is what separates boys from men
okay, there's my random motivation to go play guitar
was looking for this my dude
yhwh just means "i am.
" this was the answer given to moses after he tried to get god to tell him his name.
the egyptians, i understand, had a belief that if one learned the true name of a deity, one gained power over the deity.
one finds this belief showing up in the story of ra and isis.
in this cultural context, moses' actions can be seen to be quite dishonorable, by our standards - he's trying to trick god into putting himself at moses' mercy.
the answer god gives is not his real name, it is stern correction being given to a human who has far out-stepped his bounds.
as for what god's name really is - if he exists, how could he possibly have one?
we're talking about somebody has been present in the universe from its beginning, and exists outside of it, beyond the bounds of space and time.
why would some collection of sounds that just happen to be easy to pronounce by a collection of barely jumped up apes on an insignificant planet be his name, billions of years before the planet said apes live on even existed?
the whole "real name of god" thing is silly, just human beings wanting to believe that they're much more powerful and important than they are.
wondering what happens to that sort of thinking when we finally meet our first aliens, and discover that we're not the pinnacle of creation?
or of existence, as the case might be?
isn’t it yhwh and no one knows the real vowels in between the consonants?
please stop telling me the answer, at least 200 people have commented and messaged telling me how ancient hebrew works
hey how about a spoiler tag?
you owe me a new face!
yahweh true to caesar
i stand with elohim.
i fucking love reddit
you can go yah own weh 
for jod's sake people it was a good comment
it really depends, did we all see jod for ourselves, or are we taking someone's word for it?
cuz if the pope came out and announced that he alone had this vision my opinion probably wouldn't change much since i already have my doubts about the pope.
but if a massive group of people said it, maybe that would be different.
was it a group of people in one place?
cuz in that case it could be a massive group hallucination, but if people all over the world started saying the same thing on the same day that would definitely cast more doubt over the situation.
but if jod appeared to every human individually to make this announcement, id probably stop being agnostic and be forced to reconcile that jod does exist and everything i know is a lie.
thanks for the gold!
my first thought as well
it confirms that either a god exists or that someone has sufficiently advanced technology.
gold = money = root of all evil = satan?
plot twist: god is actually evil and satan is paradise
ironic considering he's jod of football
ibrahimovic was not an imposter, 2 imposters remaining.
zlatan apologizes for calling france earth a shit country planet
reporter: 'it's pronounced jod.
then proceeds to not qualify for the world cup lmao
earth has been downgraded this year
well, he did go down to georgia
i feel like if i was god, and i had made a tree walk and reversed a river to prove a point, and people still weren't listening to me, i'd start smiting them with lightning in the next step and see if they're still being smartasses after that.
so the applying the story seems to say god wouldn't have jurisdiction on how to pronounce english over the written guidance in the torah, but in recent america, we seem to allow people to have their names pronounced any way they feel like, so precedent would be to allow god to set the pronunciation.
jewish theology seems to consist of a lot of arguing with god, pretty lit tbh
fuck "to smile" חייך.
all my homies use "to laugh at" חייך    .
קא חייך ואמר נצחוני בני נצחוני בני
til jewish mythology is way weirder than i originally gave it credit for.
the jewish religion just became a lot more interesting.
that story basically seems to be saying that humanism, human interpretation and critical thinking, and jurisprudence (in general, the laws of humanity) should take precedence over miracles and the interpreted word of god.
that's interesting to me because that's more or less the foundation of modern humanism and exactly the opposite of the argument most religious people make about morality.
if you watch people like harris or hitchens in religious debates, they are making exactly this point.
we were his last choice, but he threatened to crush us with a mountain, and he didn't think we'd say yes.
really, that was the first contract negotiation the jewish people ever won
and it doesn't help when people always respond to that comment with star wars shit
mace windu didn't swear enough.
honestly i was staring at it like, “would they really have said stupid-ass in star wars?
it's nick fucking fury fml.
at least you got the right actor!
i've had a revelation that i conflate all of jackson's biggest roles.
i don't separate jules from mace windu from nick fury.
even lucius best is still samuel l.
his roles are distinct enough that it's not just dwayne "the rock" johnson starring as not-the-rock but still.
frank tenpenny is a subversion to this.
dude was that much of an asshole that in spite of clearly be the voice of samuel l jackson he's far out of the norm.
stephen from django too.
general kenobi, you are in the wrong universe
and in swedish jud would be a homophone for ljud(sound).
i too watch french porn
“where’s your god now?
“in my pants you pervert!
you thought it was jod, but it was me, dioz!
careful, hayven sounds like a utah name
"who gets control of jerusalem this week?
rolls 20-sided die
as an agnostic, i’m pretty sure if i saw god i would no longer have any doubt
"god exists" would just mean "kill god" goes back on the bucket list.
there is a book, called the dresden files.
one character is a holy knight, given a sword by the angel uriel.
that character is also a athiest/agnostic.
dresden asks him how he can be that when he works for a literal angel.
he said something to the effect of " idk if hes an angel.
he could be a alien for all i know".
there would be a lot of that.
probably an alien.
or an interdimensional  being.
cus god doesnt exist.
did you mean "the jreat schism"?
there is no argument, because jraphical isn't a word.
attempting to argue that it's pronounced jif makes you look like a dumbass and will result in an automatic block.
that’s enough mr west please no more today
yeezy yeezy what’s good
this ask reddit is kind of how real jewish/christians religions couldnt agree for a long time on how gods real name yhwh should be pronounced.
have you seen the famous documentary on religion with morgan freeman, jod?
what if jod was one of us?
"if god is jod  .
and jod is he,  .
then what am i  .
is really jay,  .
then what's a juy  .
"you see," said he,  .
"i am confused,  .
i am perplexed  .
and vexed, abused,  .
and all unsure  .
for sure," said him,  .
"because," he said:.
my name is jim gim.
jo, jo, jodzilla!
this is pretty much what it would take to get me to to accept the "jif" pronunciation
soft g as in ‘jiff on my tits’ not a hard g as in ‘gif me your load’.
at least that’s how your mom explained it to me.
was really hoping it was going to be the first comment.
"naming differences are dumb.
gorilla omnipotent deity.
apparently, of all the troubles on earth and the flaws in mankind, the pronunciation of jod as god was the only thing he saw fit to correct
doesn't god talk directly to people plenty in the old testament?
i mean we wouldn’t understand him because he spoke aramaic so
i guess the modern version would be.
it was yeshua in hebrew, "jesus" comes from a latin bastardization (iesus) of the greek bastardization of that name, which sounds like "ee-soos".
your pet joldfish
i gave you science, the intelligence and enough resources on this planet to solve any problems and you lousy apes spend most of it on technology and munitions to kill each other.
 in my name most of the time, no less.
i tried reading that and suddenly my pen got enchanted with fire aspect ii
nobody calls over the phone.
this is jod awful
geesus christ man.
watch your language.
its pronounced  "hey zeus" .
its actually pronounced gesus
it's pronounced gee-zus
so the american space agency is taking the lord's name in vain?
i’ll talk shit about jod all day for three jets.
with hopes to enslave muh
men from legends
we're talking about somebody has been present in the universe from its beginning, and exists outside of it, beyond the bounds of space and time.
its almost as if "i am" is a perfectly fitting name for such a god.
i honestly have no idea why people are upvoting this.
play hangman until you get smited, boom you figured out the vowels
yes, nobody is quite sure how the name was pronounced by the ancient israelites.
 it doesn't help that most jewish priests refrained from speaking the name in public.
 yahweh is a common guess, so is yehovah (hence the jehovah's witnesses).
i did say “approximately”.
i’m not an expert in this.
you could be right.
what does the fox say?
the characters are you, he, waw, and he.
 in unpointed biblical hebrew, most vowels are not written and others are written ambiguously.
 therefore it can be difficult to deduce how a word is pronounced from its spelling.
the most interesting thing to me about the three great 'monotheistic' religions is that they aren't in fact monotheistic at all.
 yhwh was one god of many alongside ba'al, anat, dagan, etc.
 he was just a specific region's god, hence his decree that 'thou shalt have no other gods but me'.
 his people had access to papyrus and got a headstart on documenting their stories and rules with written language, so now we have the world we have, for better or worse.
go yah-own-weh aaa aaa
all yhwh, to fucking victory town
i’ve always thought that would be amazing if he just appeared in the sky in a way everyone could see and had such a booming voice and suddenly over night everyone had no choice but to believe.
ironically in 50 years people would say it’s just a legend and not believe it
zlatan = tall football player
or just a fallen anjel
given the events that transpired in the old testament, i think humans were, are and will always be smartasses.
scientists have extended our lifespans by decades, allowed for us to travel faster than the speed of sound, be able to leave our planet entirely and still come back alive in what is essentially a comet made of metal, and created foods that go unspoiled for decades.
all of this, and still, nobody listens to them when they try to help us.
i can see why god got so fed up he finally just told noah to get the ark.
this might be why atheists are so reviled.
   jod is punishing everyone because i don’t believe in him.
yeah it’s like jesus and jesus.
very different pronunciations just in north america alone.
if the only thing it did was to correct a pronunciation and left,  no one would care and things would quickly go back to normal.
 if it tried to come back as a human, the evangelicals would quickly try to crucify it.
i once asked my rabbi, "if judaism forbids the destruction of media containing god's name, does it permit minimizing windows on a computer?
he had an answer for that.
apparently, destruction of god's name only applies to non-temporal surfaces, so tracing the name in sand on the beach or holding the name written backwards up to a mirror and then taking it away don't count, and therefore neither does the name on an electronic display.
ancient explanations for modern problems, it's pretty crazy.
my favorite is still ilan ramon asking for advice on when to celebrate the sabbath while in low earth orbit given that there's a new sunset every 90 minutes.
they still had an answer.
bottom line--ceremonies are observed based on spacecraft time, which is based on the control center time.
it's literally in the name.
israel = "wrestles with god".
latin does the same thing.
"ridere" means to smile or laugh.
yeah man it's pretty much an endless rabbit hole of jewish philosophical literature
yeah i want to read more of these stories
humanism is very pervasive in rabbinic judaism and would even go so far as to call it it's foundation.
aannnd, it happened.
so, let’s mess it up more — live longer and prosper to infinity and beyond.
yall isn't it weird how nick fury and mace windu look almost exactly the same?
i'm sick and tired of this mutha fuckin sand on this mutha fuckin planet!
clone wars, s4e7: purple sand
the prequels are pg-13 and are allowed one f-bomb he should have gotten them all.
"anakin is too fucking old".
"we can't raise a fucking clone army against the separatists".
"he's too fucking dangerous to be left alive"
i bet he swore plenty on the way down.
i will make it legal!
why did i read this as agent smith.
today i learned that i have pronounced ljud wrong for the past 20 years.
and apparently ljus (=light) also.
in my defense, swedish is my third language and i rarely speak it.
zanta madre de dioz!
as a spanish native speaker, this reference is now  embedded in my brain and will reappear everytime i hear the word "dios".
my cousin’s friend is named hayven.
well to be clear, this is north hayven
not to be that guy, but i'm pretty sure it's pronounced "ajnostic.
i'd be more inclined to think that i'd lost it.
as an aheist i also would believe in him if i saw him
a new film coming in 2028,.
constantine 2: god mode.
staring keanu of course
especially if he shows up and the only thing he thinks is worth addressing is god vs jod.
i feel like we should start building giant marble facepalm statues right now to mark this point in history.
so you are saying that the format developed by the  joint photographic experts group should be pronounced.
there's no rule that the acronym has to have each letter pronounced like the word it represents, otherwise you'd go to the atm and get cash using your pine and the agency ensuring workplace safety would be ose-ha.
the case for gif is that graphical has a hard g.
the case for jif is that the creator of the file format says it should be jif.
both cases have enough merit to call it an argument.
ah yes, because the p in jpeg comes from potograph.
lol this dude blocking because people don't pronounce things the way he likes, have you never met a brit/american/australian/south african person (remove whichever you are, if applicable) in real life?
specially funny when i also pronounce it "gif", not "jif", i was merely pointing out how stupid your argument is.
what if you pronounce it "giraffe-ical"?
i think that logic makes someone look like a dumbass, and i don't even pronounce it like jif.
i read as giraffe-ical
judiasm does have an agreed upon pronunciation.
the answer is "it's none of your business".
the true answer has been lost to time, when the romans killed the two people (the high priest and his apprentice) who knew how to pronounce the tetragrammon.
but in the latin alphabet, jehovah begins with an i
gust a slob like one of us
we've been sprogged!
praise the rhyme!
i know my place .
within the shade .
of a sprog rhyme .
to alter the lord’s name .
chase the joke .
but know that, well… .
there really is a rhyme hell
joddamn that’s a fresh sprog sproj
would that make it jogira?
holy fuck this comment was straight fire
jesus fucking christ you didnt need to kill him
there are dozens of us
i mean look at how many of the ten commandments he dedicated to just how we interact with him.
it seems to be very god-like to just give a shit about that and not much else.
maybe we can speed up the second coming if we all just pretended we forgot what his name was.
as an atheist who has read bible, not really all that surprising.
kneel before jod.
you’re putting what symbols around your necks!
"new religion, who dis?
gesus fucking christ.
conjures images of geesus, the goose of jod.
probably the reason lucifer fell in the first place.
geese are assholes, and would totally make that happen, given the chance.
i strike you down in the name of hejuice
hot town, summer in the city 
as in, father of apollo?
don't fuck with me or i'll shove a lightning bolt up your ass?
it’s actually hay-soos.
he was a carpenter.
everyone knows all carpenters are hispanic.
no, it's lifting up or carrying, in a broad sense, which is weirdly accurate.
just cuz i aintsayinit
no, it would be a perfectly fitting label for human beings to apply to such a deity, but for us to think of the labels we apply to those who were around before us as their names would be vanity, indeed.
think of the nicknames our little nieces and nephews attach to us.
those names make sense to our little ones, but are they really our names?
fuck, the secret pronunciation!
my face is melting!
oh shit, gods just mario doing a double jump!
it all makes sense now!
it's pronounced yahowaha smh
that sounds like a noise luigi would make after doing a down smash in super smash brother
pretty sure it's yeehaawoohoo!
“jehovah” was a placeholder: the vowels of adonai (“lord”) instead of the real vowels of the ineffable name of god, to remind the priests to say adonai instead.
"look, i'd had a lovely supper, and all i said to my wife was 'that piece of halibut was good enough for jehovah'".
but in the latin alphabet, "jehovah" begins with an "i".
jehovah's witnesses .
i think you mean gehovah
well, yahweh did claim to be mightier than the other gods (or the only one with might or at least certain powers the others lacked).
also, yahweh was afraid of humans eating from specific trees, and organizating to build a high tower.
so that's kind of weird.
henotheism is the word that describes a religion that adheres to one particular god or set of gods without necessarily denying other deities.
you can call it anotherrrrrr lonely daeeeee
i think people would still agree it happened but invent all sorts of crazy conspiracies around it.
after all, we all know jod doesn’t burn hot enough to melt steel pillars.
i feel like a lot of people would immediately pull their phones out if that happened so i dont think we would have the issue of people thinking it's a legend in the future
i’m stoned as fuck rn and just read the part about him appearing and his voice booming and i tensed myself as if it was about to happen
zlatan is so zlatan, satan renamed himself to zlatan.
six foot five hard as fuck
moses opened the red sea in front of thousands of people, but when he left the camp to speak to god on mount sinai for 1 month, the hebrews began to worship a golden cow.
he took them out of egypt, but egypt never left them.
it was part of the hebrew culture at that point.
people seem to love the “smite the nonbelievers and send them plagues” old testament god more than the “love thy neighbor” new testament version
shit we’re made in his image right?
 homie’s probably a smartass too
this made my laugh hard.
i just see a dude named noah, working in an office when he suddenly hears.
"i'm sick of this shit.
noah, fetch the ark"
"i've heard it both ways.
dead messiahs are far more useful than live ones.
for a certain type of mind the arguments in rabbinic judaism are incredibly fun to go through.
its basically one big litigation soap opera.
i once asked my rabbi, "if judaism forbids the destruction of media containing god's name, does it permit minimizing windows on a computer?
he had an answer for that.
apparently, destruction of god's name only applies to non-temporal surfaces, so tracing the name in sand on the beach or holding the name written backwards up to a mirror and then taking it away don't count, and therefore neither does the name on an electronic display.
ancient explanations for modern problems, it's pretty crazy.
 i'm not religious, but i would have said that minimising a window is not an act of 'destruction' in any case, since data is not lost.
 securely erasing a file may be an act of destruction.
what did he mean by non-temporal, do you know?
i’m sick of theses motherfucking siths, on this motherfucking plane.
anakin to mace: if what you say is true, you have earned my trust
"take a fucking seat, young skywalker.
alternatively, "sit your fucking ass down.
so, disney vs disney?
you mean you pronounce the l audibly and then the j?
that's quite a tongue twister i would say.
well if it was just a situation of a deity/god/creator or whatever revealing themselves, and everyone else witnessed it too, i'd be pretty quick to accept it.
but if they literally just came down to tell us it's pronounced "jod" and then left, i'd be right there with you.
or maybe i'd think "well, looks like the simulation theory was right, and now they're bored and just messing with us", which given the past couple of years isn't such a crazy theory!
anybody who's played a city builder game knows that once things reach a certain point, you turn to messing things up for everyone.
make some ridiculous celebrity type person in charge of the nukes.
poison the water.
set a bunch of fires.
initiate some riots.
i'm just waiting on the meteors and aliens.
that's when we know they'll be starting a new game soon.
everyone would, if you see but don’t believe you’re delusional lol
can we just add giant palms to mt rushmore?
i think i'm better-off calling it "moving image"
i don't think that acronyms have to be pronounced like the first letters of their words.
for example the u in scuba is a long u even though underwater has a short u, and we just accept that.
and the creator of the hitachi magic wand intended for it to relieve neck, shoulder, and back pain.
what creators intend for is meaningless.
everyone knows the correct pronunciation is “jayfag”
i fucking hate it, take my upvote
gust a stranjer on a bus
thats joe jira, joe exotics younger brother.
he deals in all manner of rare lizards, gilla monsters, and crocodilians
we all make mistakes in the heat of passion, gimbo.
maybe we can speed up the second coming if we all just pretended we forgot what his name was.
we really have forgotten what his name was.
everything we call him is either a title, or an attempt at reconstructing the name from the four letters that got written down.
reading the bible is the #01 cause of atheism.
"and yeshua looked down at his followers and started screaming as they were all wearing the symbol of his worst nightmares.
"why didn't you stick with the fish!
the fish was fine!
that’s pretty insensitive, you dicks.
“what part of my story made you think i liked crosses?
"across from what?
as bill hicks said, it's like visiting jackie o.
with a rifle pendant on.
that’s the american christian pronunciation.
it's pronounced "tchrist"
i think it'll be yesus.
geese fucking christ
a great word for cum
they did that on purpose didnt they?
i'll bet when they were looking for an acronym that's why it wasnt just "american space agency"
next thing you know they'll take my thoughts away!
don't mean i ain't thinking it
ah yes, the hawaiian version.
i had to sing that one
makes me wonder what happened to the one guy who was the reason they started using a rope
he said it again!
somebody’s watched indiana jones
god is bourgeoise confirmed
what is jod is like vampires, and cannot be captured on camera?
not to freak you out but reading revelations, it sounds like that’s how it starts.
like a trumpet and suddenly a booming voice like a huge announcement
it also took them 40 years to walk through an area that can be crossed on foot in a matter of weeks, if you’re taking your time.
 at some point i’d be wondering how strong this connection with the one true god really was too.
the new testament means they can't be complete assholes to anyone they don't like though.
no shawn, you haven’t
you know that's right!
should i slice this up for the road?
“and they’re both wrong!
unexpected psych references are the best.
take my upvote.
martyrdom is a powerful propaganda tool.
too bad you have to be dead to be a martyr
it sounds like the longest game of flux that has had 1000 new rule cards on the table and adding a new one causes a chain reaction of ifttt debate on the new state of the game.
i was really getting in to legal/lawyer podcats, but they've gotten a bit stale.
i think i know what my next step will be now.
i would assume non-temporal mean not temporary.
so like, carving the lord’s name into a stone tablet would be permanent, so breaking that tablet is forbidden.
but something like a window on a computer is meant to be changed and erased at will, so it is temporary, thus not forbidden.
mace windu: "i don't remember asking you a gotdamn thing!
i've been trained in your shit posting art by count dooku!
the ones that shot a movie next to a concentration camp?
it's not as tonguetwisty as some words.
i was under the same impression
we use the "lj" sound all the time in icelandic.
just listen to "ljós" or light pronounced via google translate if you want to hear it.
it's pretty simple.
it's pronounced "lejit"
i'm sure there would be plenty of people who would argue it was some form of mass hysteria, and i would also be inclined to believe that i must have temporarily lost my mind.
but i'd probably come to accept it if we all saw it.
the problem here is that "being a god" is so subjective that you can hardly prove your god hood.
you turned water into wine?
that's cool, but what does that make you?
a god or a wizard?
and if god is real, who says it's the only god?
what if odin comes down next?
and if that is the case, who is more powerful?
because if those gods exist then maybe some lovecraft ian shit exists too.
you can spiral this whole thing out of control really fast.
also it can always be a man behind a curtain.
who just happens to have a very high tech curtain like most races in stargate who pretended to be gods but we're just advancdd
i would simply go from "there is no god" to "okay, fine, jod exists, but he's a real piece of shit unworthy of my worship so i'm right back where i started in continuing to live my life as a decent person.
# jeorge washington
can we gust add jiant palms to mt rushmore?
“tiny video you can’t rewind”
a series of still images put together to create the illusion of movement
silent short film.
furthermore, the p in jpeg stood for photographic but you don't see anyone arguing that it should be pronounced jfeg either.
lanaguage doesn't follow rules, thats why its so messy.
the rules follow language, albeit poorly and with lag
i use mine on my shoulders sometimes after i've cleaned it!
hitachi asserts that its sole intended use is for health care purposes, but hitachi's national sales manager said "we approach the massagers as personal care items.
the people we hire know what it's for without our having to say it".
and the creators of the internet often talked about how they intended it to be some high-minded exchanging of ideas and information between intellectuals, for the betterment of society.
that sure turned out well.
_falls and only barely catches myself_
"because fishes are for bitches and they can't have rights.
kneel before jod!
if your mom starts telling me to hejuice on her chest, i’m going to break it off with her.
that is not sexy at all.
this is, in fact, how zeus refers to his dollops of tadpole soup.
north american space agency would have worked but the acronym is actually the national aeronautics and space administration.
paid by the alliance
not enough apostrophes
then it's just the 5g inputting images into our brains and is just proof that 5g can cause cancer
well it was a curse on them to be lost, it’s not like they had a map.
he's the god of the jews not god of maps.
lets be real, they were all high as shit on the burning bush and wandered around in circles eating mana dirt.
"i don't like gay people, and leviticus says they're sinful; now excuse me, i've got a beard to shave, mixed fabrics to wear, and employees not to pay today on my way to the pork buffet.
gus, don't be the comma in earth, wind and fire
does master yoda look like a bitch?
it's pronounced leg it.
also he didn't say who's jod he is, so i can't even worship him if i wanted to.
looping low res video
they actually work really well for relieving muscle tension.
 and i don't mean that euphemistically.
is masturbation not a health care purpose?
 \blade trap triggers
this looks strangely dutch.
the lord has spoken!
jod save us all.
oh michael jackson
to slay all the giants
no, that was the second 40-year wandering.
the first time it took 40 years to get to israel, at which point scouts reported a number of well-defended cities.
enough jews took this news seriously that god got offended at the audacity of the jews to doubt his ineffable plan after 40 years of doing nothing that god ordered them to spend another 40 years wandering the desert, thus allowing all the doubters to die of old age and the next generation was then allowed entrance to the holy land.
looking back, the 40 years has got to be a bit of poetic license.
otherwise one has to question why the jews took 40 years to travel maybe 250 miles.
like, i'm pretty sure glaciers are faster than the jews here.
there's an interesting argument that you can never convince a human of a transcendental event/being, because we always will try to excuse it as the material.
it's basically the idea that we invented the idea of "any sufficiently advanced science is indistinguishable from magic".
like, if you or i actually saw a guy walk on water, there's a good chance we'd be looking for the wires so to speak, even if we could never find them, because our brains just believe that they must be there.
seriously juys, gust stop.
ah yes, the llsv.
highest form of communication
well, sometimes it makes people tense all the muscles in their body.
cures hysteria in women!
you mean "stranje"?
it’s pronounced michael gackson
it was undoubtedly not 40 years.
the bible uses the number 40 specifically a lot of times(eg.
40 days and 40 nights) so i’ve come to the conclusion that it doesn’t mean 40, it just means a lot.
yeah uhh i think they took a lot of poetic license while writing this stuff if i had to take a guess.
honey, where my supersuit is?
another issue would be "what action qualifies one to be originator and owner of the universe" lets for a second imagine that an advanced alien showed up and started performing what we would call miracles and called themselves  jod.
only for a week later another alien shows up, the oroginal's supervisor and smacks them over the head and says get back to work.
is the supervisor automatically jod now?
and what about all of the unknown aliens there are as we climb higher on their extraterrestrial corporate ladder?
all of this to say, just because an extremely powerful being shows up does not mean they are a) going to be honest or b) know what the hell theyre talking about.
like, if say loki or some other trickster god showed, flashed some power and lied through their teeth i guarantee you they could drum up a following, hell ordinary scum lords like teal horse do that shit day and night, how would i tell the difference?
how do you pronounce that?
that looks even more dutch.
like the gack gack 9000?
no more mistakes.
sick solo intensifies
no more mistakes
idk, i was on a rosh hashanah zoom family call with 40 of my fiancé's  relatives, and, just getting all of the elderly kin to learn to mute/unmute, seemed to take 40 years.
yeah, but unless they happened to be walking in circles, you wouldn't even need half a year, much less years
spanish ll sound.
what about subs that crosspost from other subs to mock them?
the karmaceutical companies would be outraged.
it would be weird to see a post in a smaller subreddit with thousands of points just because it got crossposted somewhere more popular.
the thing is that a good post on one sub might be a bad post on another.
if something is relevant in one sub but irrelevant in another, the downvotes from the sub where it's not relevant would take upvotes from the post that's highly relevant.
will totally lead to abuse
would prevent karma theft
are imaginary points really that important to you?
ehh, sometimes you crosspost because op was a dick, so no
different subs exist for different content.
should upvotes on /r/watchpeopledie boost a troll post to /r/aww ?
what about downvotes?
too many ways to abuse that system.
you would have people cross-posting their shitposts all over the place.
karma farmers will just download and reupload the image before posting instead of using the crosspost function.
      regardless, i think it'd be a nice feature.
i dunno op how would you feel about world peace?
i would rather have development go into a feature where a user doesn't see crossposted content more than one time in their feed.
karma literally does nothing
just because a post is good/bad on one subreddit doesn't mean it's good/bad on another subreddit.
how would you feel if people didn't use askreddit for stupid shit like this?
this is not a good idea.
 think about it: someone could game the system and self-cross-post their own work to garner more publicity.
 imagine a musician wants to post their song, after posting a on a major subreddit they could then cross post to all the music subreddits out there that they feel fall within that subreddits guidelines, and even four or five extra upvotes from each subreddits means their post would become extremely popular on the subreddit they originally intended.
maybe this only would be a good idea if a certain threshold was met.
how about when a repost if upvoted the karma goes to the original.
reddit is entirely comprised of either self posts, or links to other posts on other sites.
another post in another subreddit is no different - just sharing content from elsewhere outside the target sub.
seems like another easy way to farm karma.
it would ruin subreddits like r/lostredditors
god yall care too much about internet points
on one hand that would be helpful most of the time, and on the other there are many instances where a post is appropriate for the subreddit to which it was crossposted but not the original.
for instance, i regularly see crossposts from r/youdontmattergiveup to r/dontdeadopeninside for which i would like to upvote the crosspost but downvote (and report) the original post.
conversely, there are crossposts that i would like to downvote for being off-topic but i would like to upvote the original.
what i would like to see is upvote and downvote buttons within the crosspost window thing.
how about who gives a fuck about karma.
people could potentially game the system to artificially boost posts by crossposting to a ton of subs.
i see this as an absolute win
why are you asking this like you have the power to do something about it?
i just wouldn't care.
it's fake internet points that do nothing.
how about reddit gets rid of this upvote/downvote bullshit all together and just let people discuss.
no more karma  crap.
why do people care about karma?
except that it's artificially created drama by the developers and people fall for it.
it's hard to express how much i wouldn't care.
or just remove karma so people stop whoring for karma.
karma bots would have a fucking field day
not a fan because a post is as much about the context of the sub as it is about the content.
the relevance of subject matter will vary by subreddit.
relevance of a crosspost to r/totallynotrobots has no bearing on how appropriate the original post was to r/aliensamongus, and visa-versa.
i'd feel indifferent.
my penis won't grow bigger from getting a bajillion internet points.
how about only the op gets the upvotes on their account, but the repost still trends according to current upvotes?
just because someone posted a submission that is off-topic in a specific  subreddit, that is then crossposted to a more appropriate subreddit and  becomes successful, does not mean that the original poster gets credit  for posting something that doesn’t fit in the original subreddit.
people would cross post their own shit in as many subs as they could find to whore for karma and reddit would get even shittier than it already is.
that would be amazing.
i think if implemented correctly, it really could work.
but it needs to be more than just "if repost is upvoted, the original post also gets an upvote", in order to prevent abuse.
but it totally could work, and it would also give credit to the original post - especially if it's not the same poster, and the new post has way more upvotes than the original.
but it needs to be implemented correctly.
i would also feel pretty good about a feature that upvoted the original post when someone steals karma from  a good one by reposting it as their own.
i think that back when reddit started 12 years ago, most of the audience were it people sitting in server rooms typing halfway thoughtful comments on keyboards.
now that it’s just a bunch of 12-year-old dip shit saying whatever comes into their stupid little heads on their cell phones i think the quality has dropped.
you can rearrange the deck chairs on this titanic all you want but the fact is they captured lightning in a bottle and then they let it go.
someone else is going to capture that lightning and that’s where i’d like to devote my creative energy.
sounds fair to me
this would be an epic addition to reddit.
i have had people cross post things by me and get 3x the amount of upvotes, and have me accused of reposts.
wrote this christmas rap for my talent show (in the voice of playboi carti kinda nervous to share it haha lol).
santa wanna suck my dick (dih).
his elves wanna suck my dick (dih).
his bitch wanna suck my dick (miss claus).
cookies and milk got a bitch looking thick (thih).
in my stocking that’s a blick (blam).
flexing on dasher hit him with the stick (blam).
grand theft auto, stole santa’s whip (sleigh).
bend it over on my jingle balls, bitch (woah).
make that ho ho ho lick the tip (yuh).
on the naughty list, i’m really with the shit (yah).
see prancer under the mistletoe (bitch).
reach back like a pimp, slap the ho (jolly).
the grinch trying to fuck, that’s a no (yuck).
miss piggy you can get it though (woo).
santa in the kitchen eating an oreo (snack).
another christmas in the 3-1-0 (yuh)
i’m in love with that idea
i’m surprised it isn’t a thing yet
i already hate the voting system.
do not support.
nearly 180 days since this post has been created.
2 days until this post gets archived.
upvotes and downvotes are meaningless so why complicate uselessness?
how about a feature where you can cash your karma for real world currency
i see double, triple, n-times voting on the same post.
i like the idea but some posts don't fit particular subs, so a post not appropriate for a sub could get upvoted because it was crossposted into a more fitting sub.
is joe biden plagiarizing again?
sort by top in a lot of small subreddits would be skewed heavily by crossposts to major subreddits
i could see this being abused.
like it but would depend on the context of the subreddit
problem is with crossposts that criticize or make fun of the original
it sounds okay, butt i might not wanna upvote the post in the original sub,
tell me how anyone could ever successfully implement that, and i'm on board.
would be better if it upvotes the original and downvoted the copy post
i like this idea, but maybe allow mods to turn it off on their sub.
no because the individual communities should decide what gets up voted in their sub.
however links to the same source content reposted within a certain time frame should have this happen, where the original post gets the karma.
sometimes posts are upvoted because they fit the theme of the subreddit very well.
for example, if someone crossposts something from r/funny onto r/breathinginformation then there would be no correlation between the 2 posts getting upvotes.
if you upvote the post on r/breathinginformation, you're not saying it's particularly funny, and vice versa.
when upvoting, context matters.
there are some problems, maybe just make the upvote/downvote buttons there for the original and xpost.
original might be a r/lostredditors case, while the second one is posted in the correct subreddit.
also, it is good the way it is i don't think there is need for a change.
casually crossposts to a q&a subreddit
no, the original might not be the best place for the post but if it hits r/all then it's the best post of that sub, having even if its not relevant to the original sub.
if you want to be a karma whore do like every other karma whore.
it makes me realize i prefer my entertainment platforms to be autocracies, not democracies.
i don’t care about points or karma or who made what, or who has seen it before me, or even if i’ve seen it before.
just give me cat pics and little kids falling off bikes.
massive potential for abuse.
just crosspost as much as possible to maximize karma.
you'd basically be parallelizing karma farming, which on the one hand appeals to me as someone who like process optimization, but on the other hand would probably lead to an excess of  duplicated posts.
you work for me because someone crossposted my oc and got a platinum and silver while my post got 30k less upvotes and no awards
wouldn’t matter because karma is fake
i thought that is how it works
i would feel like reddit is doing something great for the original creators.
test it, if it helps with rampant reposts: awesome.
if reposts  become literally every post then burn it with fire
i usually just clicked the original post and upvote that one
we should have a feature where if you reply to a comment, that comment that you reply to is automatically upvoted
you could use that to get double karma
if i like it, i will go to the original post and upvote it there too manually
woah, or even credit original poster for reposts?
make it so that it does this unless the crosspost title is marked with /s for sarcasm/satire
you'd have to have a subreddit that tracked it all to stop the trolling.
otherwise the pedos et al.
are going to have a field day.
i love the idea, but just too many sickos out there.
i dont think this is a good idea.
one vote per person is the foundation of democracy.
also it would encourage mass cross posting.
i am not in favour of this idea.
reddit how do you feel about having old people perform a mandatory drivers test every year?
that's some fuckin' communist shit
this feature would be abused to inflate post karma across different subs, e.
post trump negative in r_the donald then x-post to r_impeach trump.
then watch the chaos erupt!
what if the original post doesn't apply to its sub?
i can see this being abused by karma whores.
it will be exploited.
would prevent karma thieves (which is mostly worthless anyway) but will be sweet candies for karma farm bots.
they can crosspost everywhere they please and before you know it, the entire front page is one video from r/funny in 20 different subs.
i feel like this should’ve been a thing since the beginning.
read other points about abuse, and that in one sub it would be humorous and in another serious etc.
and agree maybe it actually isn’t a good idea.
i'd just crosspost my post to infinite subs.
except sometimes cross posts are done to talk shit about said cross post so there'd have to be the option to prevent that or undo it.
if the original title is shit i don't want it getting my upvote
well for one original posts are usually stolen content from other sites like twitter.
so they don't necessarily deserve the karma.
second, content means something different in different subreddits.
votes are partly meant to be an indicator if the content belongs in a particular subreddit.
so no, for those two reasons it is a bad idea.
subs that crosspost things out of criticism / as a joke would be pretty much destroyed, as crosspost filled subs such as /r/upvotedbecausegirl , /r/unbgbbiivchidctiicbg and /r/whatcouldgowrong would be affected heavily
i don't want my upvote for a post making fun of orginal op's idiocy to benefit said orginal op.
it would create a reason to create a shitty posts, repost them to subs about shitty posts and gain karma.
people would start posting screenshots
 crossposts have to stand on their own.
if you implemented this,  then crossposts become a kind of vote manipulation.
imagine i post in r/catsbeingassholes and crosspost to r/ginger, r/gonemild, and r/clownporn.
suddenly my 100 kitten peeing in a shoe upvotes is magically 400 upvotes.
who cares that much about upvotes?
don't turn reddit into youtube, i bet the next stage is profile with 100k+ karma doing adverts.
people actually use those arrows?
i only upvote the original, never the crosspost, but this would save me time.
there should be a special button for crossposts that allows you to do this.
there are some crossposts that are meant to critique or mock.
i do love the idea, but because of that, i think having the option to upvote both or just the crosspost would be great!
are you suggesting a pyramid scheme?
that just seems logical in my eyes
i would love this.
i’ve reposted stuff before, not for karma, just for interest and it would be awesome if the original poster got credit for it too.
yeah, i was hoping someone had already commented this.
i'd hate to upvote a critique of something i disagree with only for the despicable thing to also get upvoted.
don't crosspost because that gives a clickable link, which can drive traffic there unintentionally.
if subs can choose to use the feature or not use it, that shouldn't be an issue.
also some posts get posted for completely different reasons.
i might upvote some video of a woman going crazy in public on /r/publicfreakout , but would not want to upvote it on a sexist sub that associates her actions exclusively with her gender for example.
same thing happens with political articles where people post for very different reasons
it shouldn't count for non-participation links.
i guess it could be a toggle thing
i think it’s only fair, i agree 100%.
i feel like those are very rarely crossposts.
and they shouldn’t be - they should be providing an “np” link in the text of their post.
i like the double edged sword of it!
could just do a crosspost flair or tag that identifies it is an "anti-crosspost" or something similar and the upvotes and down votes would transfer to the opposite on the op
let's hope big karma doesn't hear about this then.
we really need to do something about unidan shkreli smh.
big karma keeping us down.
i was thinking along those lines.
a lot of subs only want fitting content upvoted, but drama, and cringe-type subreddits in particular could cause the wrong content being pushed to the top.
this would be heavily abused by spammers.
here's a scenario for you:.
op wants to karma farm.
op uses an old repost that was really popular a few years ago.
op posts that on a large sub.
op then goes onto their alternate accounts or their spam bot ring and posts crossposts to the original post on a ton of smaller subs, thus propelling the original post by boosting the karma score on it well beyond any downvotes for the flagrant reposting.
let's say it's on a big sub, so now op has an account that got several thousand upvotes quickly.
rinse and repeat, then sell the 'legitimate' account to an advertiser online.
people still have to upvote, and they can already spam subs with unrelated content.
maybe have it as an option for subs to turn on (that posts crossposted from the sub with it on get automatic upvotes)?
not sure how doable that is or if its worth the effort though
i don’t see that happening.
  after all, the karma in the original post doesn’t get transported to the cross post.
  it’s the other way around.
the only way to get around this is to not affect the post score but still give them karma directly.
weird, but not wrong.
  and the phenomena already happens when a post gets a rapid amount of upvotes in a small community and gets posted to r/all.
   most small communities i participate in have posts with huge karma spikes from that.
why would that be weird or bad?
there seems to be a problem with reddit that some people use it to see specific, community focused things while others are looking for broader, more generic entertainment.
the second group seems to slowly erode the identity of any sufficiently popular sub to eventually just have nothing but the same content all the other subs have.
such a system would only further that process.
i was looking for this response because i completely agree.
i had the exact situation last week, where a cross-posted item was totally inappropriate for the sub i was in while in the original sub it was perfectly fine.
i actually downvoted the cross-post, but upvoted the original.
yup, people seem to forget that an upvote does not mean "i agree", an upvote means "this contributes to the conversation".
so by allowing what op asked, we are disregarding the fundamental purpose of reddit.
agreed, terrible idea.
it may be completely irrelevant in another sub (thus deserving of downvotes).
i wish this was how things worked in /r/facepalm and /r/nonononoyes, but alas — once the sub gets too big, nobody votes based on whether content fits the sub or not.
 i think lately people have started to just upvote everything they find interesting/funny regardless of the sub.
 automatic upvoting would only make the situation worse.
yup, this would cause super posts which would absolutely be abused by various subs (we all know who)
everyone can make an unlimited amount of subreddits and crosspost and upvote themselves infinitely
had that happend to me once but i stole the karma.
ah yes, the most heinous crime know to man.
what does karma theft even mean
stupid fucking thing to care about.
i cross posted something and got a platinum.
felt kind of dirty
i think it's meant so people cross post instead of stealing the content and uploading it themselves without giving credit
people would stop cross-posting
then i just download it and upload it and the repost gets worse on quality without credit to the original
would increase farming along the same lines.
post a: get 300 votes  .
xpost b (a): gets 450 votes - post a now at 750  .
and keep the share going as the typical karma farming repost machine gains votes exponentially
i sure do love making a post, getting 200 karma, then someone crossposting and getting 4k karma and then having the audacity to tag me.
its so annoying when someone crossposts to another sub, and then the crossposted post gets tons of gilding and upvotes.
reddit should automatically add the upvotes to the original post.
that shit requires karma insurance
karma theft happens because of repost and people stealing other post.
at least with crosspost you know someone else made it
"karma theft" jesus fucking christ
image a post to a subreddit that has a more serious focus that frowns upon shitposts, but it suddenly gets to the front page because it was crossposted and upvoted within a meme subreddit.
 that kind of content, while vastly popular elsewhere, doesn’t belong everywhere.
you don’t want “kill yourself” jokes filling the top posts of suicide support groups, or rule 34 porn filling the top of children’s show subreddits.
 this just creates more work for moderators to have to deal with front page trolling.
they would still get an upvote
they'd get the same karma farmed, crosspost and repost gets the same result.
why do the extra effort of reposting?
i'm more afraid of the same farmer double-dipping by crossposting.
karma farming at its finest
actually, what op described is a pretty terrible idea.
crossposts are used just as often as not to deliver a different message to the original.
i'd just be happy if my feed would update more often than once every fifth sunday.
that would be extremely difficult to program as if you test to see if a repost matches the original by x% then meme formats would cease to exist but if it goes by 100% may he then you could simply crop or put a filter over the image.
big oof i’m wrong
r/pics in shambles.
this would be great as long as it's a repost in the same subreddit.
crossposts made into invite-only subreddits should be explicitly disqualified from this, for exactly this reason.
i don't follow the logic at all here.
how to crossposts, trolling, and pedos at all relate to one another?
you'd just have to go to the original post and downvote it there.
an upvote is not an agree button.
to be fair they generated enough interest to get you involved.
they kinda deserve the proxy vote.
make it an optional setting when crossposting?
if someone already commented what you hoped they had, does upvoting your comment automatically upvotes the original comment, too?
you could always have the option to manually downvote or de-upvote it i guess
maybe a green upvote button on the right to upvote both posts
if an op is given the ability to sticky a comment on their own post, they could comment and sticky the link, then copy/paste or screenshot the subject matter.
plus it's contamination/brigading which then gives them something to be mad about to justify not listening to anything anyone else has to say.
you can post things to laud or mock them within a single sub.
hasn't /r/publicfreakout pretty much already been taken over by the pussypassdenied crowd anyway?
the r/shitxsays subs do that a lot; there should be a toggle on the crosspost screen for this
you didn't think this through, did you.
it’d have to be on by default.
so when you turn it on, upvote on your cross post is an upvote on theirs.
but when it’s off nothing happens.
having it so an upvote on the cross post is a downvote on the original sounds cool, but it promotes bigrading.
how about if the title is the exact same and there is nothing extra then it upvotes it at the same time?
if anything is different then it wont.
if it was a toggle then people just won’t use it i think.
it was always a treat seeing his comments :/ ever since his scandal went down i havent seen any accounts like his since.
havent even seen poem for a sprog around either
you're not thinking eighth dimensionally.
don't eliminate it, monetize it.
they could create "re-post karma", which would be a system that compares new posts to all previous posts, and if it matches anything already posted, the votes get inverted.
of course that would require a ton of computational power, which would actually legitimize the new award system, because those 15 centuries of server time that were paid for by reddit gold now only account for 7.
4 minutes of server time.
plus some posts are suitable for more than one subreddit.
and sometimes enough time passes between reposts that the majority of users haven't seen the original.
so to them, it's not a repost.
karma farm accounts would abuse the shit out of it.
right now they'll take a popular post and crosspost it to 10 or so subs, and get 10x the upvotes.
 if each of those is a crosspost, then it would be conservatively 19x upvotes, or up to 55x the upvotes (depending on how crossposts of crossposts work).
also it would flood the front page with identical posts that are all just crossposts of each other.
not to mention how easy it would be to game the system to get a post to the front page.
presumably in this (stupid) system, only upvotes would transfer to the original post and not downvotes.
so if you wanted to farm upvotes on a particular post you could crosspost it to 10 subreddits, and receive upvotes from the original sub you posted on plus the 10 other subs, but only receive downvotes on the original.
only votes from the sub the link is posted should have an effect on the ranking in that subreddit.
one other workaround i see is for it to only happen on a sub that you're already subscribed to so that it's still only the original community participating in the original post.
that said that doesn't solve the context issue that other people have pointed out; there are posts i would upvote on one sub but downvote on another depending on how it fits the subreddit.
that's already commonly seen as a problem on smaller subs, i see no reason to further encourage it by forcing it into the site mechanics.
imagine a sub has 200 subscribers.
someone posts a picture there that the sub's users find moderately amusing/relevant, and upvote it accordingly.
it does well, but isn't anywhere near their most popular post of all time.
then, bobby comes along and crossposts the image to /r/funny .
he manages to hit that fabled sweet spot that gets it to the front page, and the crosspost gets thousands of upvotes.
with this new feature, the original also gets thousands of upvotes, and now vastly outranks anything else that has ever been posted on that original sub - even though subscribers there thought it was only so-so.
 some people use it to see specific, community focused things.
just like to give a shoutout to reddit for that.
 if i finish a movie, tv series or book i'm always straight on to read the subreddit for it.
 it's so nice to have a place that is filed by interest rather than who you know / who is popular.
it’s probably because of all the people who switch to reddit from facebook.
“oh nooooo my privacy!
ooooooh what’s reddit?
“its a message board with dedicated communities so that you can share what you know, and learn with like minded individuals.
“ewwwww i just want a news feed.
just low quality memes.
yea, most subs go to shit when they get popular enough
i find that behaviour perplexing.
for me whether a content is relevant to the sub can make or break the post so seeing any post get to the top any sub is infuriating.
lots of the ruin of popular subs can be traced directly back to that behaviour.
is this the fault of new reddit or something?
(we all know who).
the famous subreddit no one is mentioning, got it.
everything’s made up and the points don’t matter
don’t really know reddit etiquette yet, but is crossposting considered rude?
i made the front page by stealing content.
give my karma back damn you.
it's like kill-stealing in an online shooter but somehow even more sad to watch people complain about.
seriously, i wish "karma" wasnt a thing, people get so petty over a stupid fucking number.
this whole post in a nutshell.
na just karmawhores who steal other people's posts would stop.
the people that cross post their own oc would still benefit from spreading their post
would you rather them not tag you.
seems like people would just complain for the source
if they download the image and re-upload the image, reddit (the system) will just recognize it as a "new" image thus, loophole.
unless you mean reddit somehow scans it and gives the original upvotes, which i really doubt reddit has the capacity or desire to do so as that will heavily cut into their workload and finances (if we're building stuff up and adding new hardware)
this fucking subreddit.
what are you sorting your homepage by?
but would that also down vote the one you liked?
i can't believe how many ways y'all can say the exact same thing in different words
most subs meant to mock other subs have a no-participation rule.
which is brigading, right?
like that's what gets subs shut down
isn't that against reddit rules?
isn't that against another reddit rule?
yeah but if you don´t agree with it you often don´t want it to trend,be seen, etc.
which the upvote button is more or less for
an upvote is not an agree button.
i know that's how it's commonly used but it's supposed to be for something you want to trend (whether you like it or not) or something you think is quality content.
i've upvoted plenty of things i disagree with.
 that could be problematic.
 i wonder if it would be possible to set the feature for individual posts, perhaps by way of a flair.
np links were ever official.
and the reddit admins don't care about what links you use
don't those all use np links though?
lmao he just wanted free karma
wait, so people actually thinks on reddit?
the toggle idea is pretty good.
mods can toggle it on when the sub isn't  satirical and off on subs that are.
probably why he asked for other opinions dude
sprog is still active!
i saw a fresh poem yesterday!
things aren’t the same as they once were.
earlier today i was on a sub where a guy had broken both his arms, and nobody had made any jokes about his mom yet.
/u/andromeda321 is kinda like the astronomy unidan
what about vargas?
she’s still active right?
poem for your sprog is still around
i see poem here and there, but they just aren't what they used to be.
a quick 8 or hot 16 sometimes, even some non-standard signatures, but never more than 3-4 stanzas.
i’ve thought about that and feel unidan’s weakness was their notoriety.
i have a feeling similar accounts exist to this day but perhaps keep a low profile to be easier to monetize.
whoa that was weird.
an old response to a shitty comment came up as the first part of my response to your comment.
newish to reddit.
u/poppincream is one of the best political  commentator of our times.
also it would flood the front page with identical posts that are all just crossposts of each other.
yeah, but this would help to centralize reddit around advertising and media-friendly content.
they're slowly but surely making reddit impotent as a tool for social activism.
well, unless there's a shooting somewhere.
then they get out the sirens and warn everyone across the planet to be safe around some specific little point on the entire planet in america.
make it so you don't get more karma if you self-xpost.
not to mention how easy it would be to game the system to get a post to the front page.
you imply this isn't already the case.
it's easier to just go on a give-me-upvote subreddit, of which there are many.
so then what's the point of the whole thing?
there is a reason we use .
cross posting is to get content to subs its relevant in, it doesn't matter who gets the karma.
it for the crossposter to take.
yeah there's a million ways to reference someone's post without crossposting.
 in your example, you would just use another method, like take a screenshot.
right, that's precisely my reaction to this proposal.
op is essentially suggesting site-enforced brigading: even if it's upvotes, the sudden influx from one sub into another is still very likely to the detriment to the quality/existing community of said sub.
i have no idea why the other person is still arguing.
right, the way i've been thinking about it is, subreddits are supposed to be like a self functioning sandboxed community.
while that isn't 100% the case since karma is constant across the platform, it's almost true.
as soon as you bring in something like this, the subreddit boundaries mean nothing.
a niche community is now overcome by the popular opinion of the site as a whole.
why even have subreddits then?
you could literally get a post about breaking bad to the top of some small gaming subreddit.
that thread convinced me god is dead
that's the best worst thing i've seen in a while.
i love how much that poster just missed the point of the kill la kill scene.
those were interesting days to navigate
 that is an old thread from before i joined reddit so i missed out on it.
 but checking out the profile of the person behind that list, it's a trip.
 i honestly can't figure out if they're serious or some kind of novelty account with their fixation, but having a seven year old account that never talks about anything but that?
that is probably spot on
let's stop blaming other platforms for redditors being redditors.
and they aren't mutually exclusive anyway.
a few years back they changed the default home page from a collection for default subreddits to /r/popular.
i think this probably helped hide the fact that reddit is composed of many distinct, smaller communities and encouraged generic participation on all subreddits that newer users come across rather than just the ones they consciously chose to join.
is this the fault of new reddit or something?
pretty good chance it's the influx of new people from facebook and similar social media sites that don't understand how reddit works and just want another "news" feed to scroll by.
the subreddit known as thedonald.
yes but i just pulled like 20k upvotes off of him
this is the response we needed!
just be careful drew doesn't put you under his desk!
how will people know how big my e-penis is?
until all points are replaced by banknotes in one day
where can i cash in my points for all those ho downs then?
whose line is it, anyway.
lets move on to a game called props.
does karma actually do anything?
"and if you're keeping score at home.
you're the dumbest person i know.
alright but cake day
like a starbucks right across the street from a starbucks.
but you can sell the account for $$$
not really rude.
i just feel bad that i got more upvotes than the original post
i think crosspost is better than outright downloading the picture and posting it.
this whole question is meaningless, all questions of the type "how would you feel about xyz" are really irritating since they'll usually have one generic type of answer upvoted.
why would they stop?
 they still get whatever karma their cross post would get.
plus, most of them aren't cross posting anyways, they are uploading and posting it themselves.
 this would just allow them to upload other people's content, and then cross post their own posts and get even more karma.
 would take karmawhoring to a whole different level.
not that i care much, karma is worthless.
 people who chase it tend to just be those who constantly need validation.
 frankly, i appreciate reposts and crossposts because i don't spend my entire life browsing reddit and so often miss out on content unless it's reposted.
i've seen this question multiple times before.
i'm so fucking sick of reposts around here but they often go unnoticed because most people unsubscribe when they notice everything is just reposts.
then new users flood in and answer the reposts because they've never seen them before.
usually sort by "best".
 what do you recommend?
(for "new", it does give new stuff, of course, but there's so much junk to scroll through, i only do that once in a while.
oh she you right dog my be
no, because ita only liking the crosspost that likes the original, but upvoting or downvoting the original will not do the same to every crosspost that exists.
we need sideways arrows!
should just make it so to upvote the crosspost and the original post you just double tap the upvote button.
then you don’t have to go back into the original post if you didn’t want to upvote it
i would at least undo my upvote tho.
the same goes for subs meant to showcase posts in other subs though, which includes not participating by not upvoting the original post/comment and drowning out the existing community.
you could also say.
the vote system has already become an agree/disagree thing, instead of its original purpose.
encouraging people to then go an vote/brigade would be, but just linking (especially with np links) is fine.
i guess you could make the upvote carry through only if it was a non - np  link.
that rule is to not go out of your way to downvote the posts of a user.
it doesn't say anything about going out of your way to downvote a specific post that you didn't like.
yeah it is not for agreeing but it is possible that i want sth.
to not trend but at the same time if others "make fun of it" ort sth.
like that i want that to trend.
i feel menaced by your name.
or just wanted to ask a question?
jeez really assuming the bad side quickly.
just take a look on /r/topmindsofreddit/ which showcases reddit's finest thinkers.
he's still out there doing his thing.
there's a lot of unscrupulous farmers out there though, heaven only knows what they do with all their karma.
i got this, but i wish i didn't got this
very popular old school poster that had some sort of environmental/science  background.
i think he mightve been an animal expert.
any post that had anything to do with animals, reddit users would put up the unidan signal and he always seemed to show up and give interesting detailed info on whatever animal people were curious about.
some guy who posted a lot of animal facts a few years ago.
eventually he got into an argument about jackdaws and corvids where he was wrong, and it was revealed that he was a dick.
it was also revealed that he used alt accounts to upvote his own content multiple times right after it was posted, to give it a boost above other content.
this was against terms of service, and he was banned.
some say he still stalks the comment threads of reddit, upvoting multiple times.
got caught auto-brigading, i think.
a piece of reddit history
i actually thought about /u/_vargas_ recently.
i miss seeing their stories all over at random.
and i love that we've never been 100% sure about their gender because i've definitely heard that they're a woman by some but a man by others.
they're slowly but surely making reddit impotent as a tool for social activism.
isn't it already?
 complaining on a contained platform where the primary demographic is people who historically aren't very politically active and don't vote isn't exactly going to bring about change anyway.
in fact, i would say that in many ways the existence of reddit and social media in general has been harmful to political discourse and activism.
 it has made it far easier to look at fringe (and often extreme) political opinions of an opposing group and generalize that to apply to all of them, making it very easy to dismiss the entire movement.
 it also encourages a very passive participation in political activism by feeling like you did some good by posting about it online (when bringing about real change requires far more time and effort).
or they imply that easily-gamed systems are bad, regardless of how many already exist.
karma for the original poster, presumably.
so that way people can post once and then crosspost it a billion times and it would evolve the karma whore game significantly i guess.
imaginary internet popularity
or the even worse option.
he finds pleasure in all of our pain and suffering.
starts with g and rhymes with mallowboob.
would be kick ass if you could trade karma in for reddit gear.
how did you do that?
other than that i really don’t know.
its just useless internet points that some people are obsessed with
happy cake day you beautiful bastard.
the points are still made up and they still don’t matter
it's literally the 5th top post on here now.
the mods need to get off their asses and stop giving people free reign to karma whore on this sub till the end of time.
i think best is good.
i wonder if your browser is caching content.
try doing a shift+refresh to force your browser to load new content the next time you see a stale front page.
it's updoots all the way down.
also it's downdoots all the way up.
i accidentally a word
never ever become a programmer
it would just mean people would have to make a self-post and link to the thing they are mocking, rather than a direct link to it.
which should avoid it being associated as a crosspost.
i think fundamentally the premise of the feature assumes that you’re voting on the content of the post, and not the post itself.
that’s the only way this kind of shared vote works: a cross post is an “identical” post because they link to the same thing, except that’s not really how crossposting works in reality.
the feature can’t really work because of this.
the cross post is itself a new post because it will always add context that changes perspective.
i’m jumping on this bandwagon
i'm rightvoting this post!
there already is one pointing to the right
snake, what have you done!
downvoted you because it's so true!
seriously, what's the original purpose?
with most online voting systems i've always viewed it as a like/dislike thing and "good" content (majority of people like it) will be at the top and if you want to see everything then you sort by new.
what the hell is sth
but then you'd have people crossposting popular posts to barren subs and getting heaps of upvotes for no effort.
that’s a complete r/subsithoughtifellfor
i'd give you heaps of awards but i can't afford too
the guy is insane
karmawhores like me spend our hard-earned karma points on scuba diving lessons.
gotta learn how to swim coz we're absolutely drowning in pussy.
i ain't bout that life no more.
i'm quietly and happily retired in a very quiet corner of reddit coz my chainwax couldn't handle the pussy anymore.
heaven only knows what they do with all their karma.
two chicks at once, dude
says the guy with 1.
3 million fuckin karma.
i use it as an excuse to treat myself to something big every 1 million, and put something like 50 bucks into a pool for donations/gifts every 100k.
so here is the thing.
i tend to think he was full of shit.
didn't he have a tendency of claiming to work with whatever animal was being talked about when he replied?
oh, that’s why i got some really senseless replies on a thread where jackdaws were mentioned!
 i just gave up trying to understand at the time.
they were obviously quoting but i didn’t get why.
he wasn't really wrong, but it was a dumb semantics issue that he dragged out unnecessarily.
he did come back with an alt, /u/unidanx, but apparently he was just downvoted into oblivion and shat on every time he posted anything so he gave up
sweet campfire story!
if i were vargas, i'd deliberately mix things up to keep everyone guessing.
kind of like the pyro in tf2.
the theory that i heard was that /u/_vargas_ was multiple individuals sharing an account, thus their uncanny ability to be in threads at all hours of the day.
also, holy crap, they have 22 years of gold (or “premium” whatevers)
 maybe it will get back to being a media conglomeration site where people have open discussions about topics at hand instead of a propaganda war zone where armchair activists regurgitate the venom of the week at one another.
does karma on your account even do anything at all?
don't grant karma for self cross posts.
you have been banned from participating in r/askreddit
he probably gets pinged directly when his name is used in a post
nah, it'd be like a million karma for a mouse pad and that would put an actual value on all the time i've wasted.
 i'd prefer stay ignorant.
are you fucking kidding me?
karma farming is bad enough already
its a cool idea but in reality would likely just encourage more people to karma whore
reddit makes money when you get gilded.
why not get some of the money?
like being able to buy things from r/itemshop ?
thanks for the tip!
and it would also prevent brigading if the thing mocked isnt directly linked
i'm sure he appreciates the notification of you saying you're not going to give him anything
he took the pussy off the chainwax
or two dudes at once, chick.
heaven and karma
you wouldn’t prefer a nice blue waffle?
i miss playing the pyro in tf2, everyone says w+m1 to you though
vargas is just one dude.
we hang out at century club.
he's pretty cute irl.
i’m in threads at all hours.
insomnia is awful, i don’t recommend it.
no - welcome to reddit where the rules are made up, and the points don’t matter.
i personally think this entire premise places far too much weight into karma than is necessary.
you get a bigger number!
it raises the sale value of your account, if you're into that sort of thing.
i don't think it matters if they're just farming to sell, they'll just crosspost with an alt and still reap the karma.
as long it's one of those mouse pads with built-in boobs.
i was thinking like 50,000 for a t-shirt.
at least i'd get a sweet reddit bumper sticker.
i like this comment with your username
what the hell is karma farming?
i've never seen this show, but this clip has sold me on giving it at least a shot.
so i guess i'm gonna have to watch silicon valley now because that was the most enjoyable 3-4 minutes of television i've seen since.
fuck, idek, doesn't matter, point is that shit was peak comedy.
and don't forget about the cornbread, please!
god i forgot how great that show was.
that was a hilarious reference
thank you for this gift
only if this comment is upvoted as well
the second i saw “middle out”, i already had the dual handed jerk off playing in my head.
not disappointed by the link
thanks, yeah i guess i should be more active about my coming election.
you have my side vote.
it was doomed from the start
i'll give you a notification saying i'll give you nothing simply because i can't afford to but with the overall spirit of enjoyment.
is this what you want?
because that's what that was.
is that a thing?
or two dudes at once, dude.
(i actually have an informal weekly threesome.
don't need karma!
i stand corrected.
their name is sam garland.
after the release of their book, they did an ama where one user asked their gender.
they reponded with a poem to the effect of "who knows?
i'm not telling.
" i am aware of no other sources on their gender, so i refer to them with gender-neutral pronouns.
no, sprog said in an ama on r/books that he is in fact a man.
you mentioned cc.
 now you supper the consequences.
 prepear for your punishment.
 it will be well done.
karma has just become another way for people to feel validated.
just as likes on facebook are.
if it is a good oc, and gets a lot of karma, it can gain you fame and even money (the whole reason that goose game is popular).
there are even some online blogs/sites that take top content and make it an article.
a man of culture i see
mine has built-in ass
it'd be highly exploitable.
at least the site would be fucked up more.
"i was repost number 10 today.
like the name bud!
reposting stuff over and over to get more karma, sometimes to sleep your account
genuinely fantastic show, worth watching
miller (the actor at the beginning of the clip) left the show a couple years ago.
the new season has just started.
i highly recommend it if that clip caught your eye.
there's an episode where gilfoyle has an alert blast through the speakers on his computer every time something happens and the alert sound they use is fucking hysterical.
the timing on the editing/reactions is perfect.
that may also be the single best scene in the show.
corn and meal please.
it's certainly got worse over the last few years, it's gone from if your arguing with somebody they will typically not vote on your comments as long as you aren't trolling, to downvotes the moment you disagree.
if you actually have an interesting point on a topic, it's ironic because downvoting the opposing view means your reply is less likely to be seen.
a shame, it made perfect sense to me.
you upvoted stuff that was a fit for the sub you were in and/or contributed to the discussion.
you downvoted stuff that wasn't a fit for the sub or didn't contribute or silly off topic memes etc.
but people misuse it so unpopular opinions (which actually make for the most engaging discussion) get buried, popular opinions go round and round in an echo chamber, and posts are full of off topic memes and in jokes.
is this what you wanted people?
because you created it.
why even mention giving 'heaps of awards' then, rather than just saying you appreciate the post or just upvoting?
only after you put the pussy in the chainwax yo
seems like everyone there was on mutual grounds of understanding.
no ball shredding, dick flipping nonsene to behold.
damn he was being a jackass in there.
trying to wave his big dick of knowledge around, against someone who was technically not incorrect.
thanks for that.
also the really cringey edits when something blows up.
edit thanx for the 3 karma omg i had no idea this would get so big i love you reddit
karma associated with a post will determine its placing on the front page.
likes on facebook determine how many more people see something due to facebook's algorithm.
account karma on reddit does absolutely nothing.
ah, culture, like dairy.
i’d prefer to feel the culture in that mousepad, but seeing it would be ok too.
to answer your question: yes, it would be highly controversial.
people are already karma whoring at maximum capacity.
"i was repost number 10 today"
i understand how people karma farm, but what's the point?
they aren't redeemable or count for anything?
i have some support out there, that’s for sure.
i mean there is precedence of a vegetable in office, too.
he should have just said, "i am rewarding your comment by not giving it silver".
i'd rather get the reddit silver image than a comment saying they would give me actual reddit silver/gold/plat.
fucking useless comments.
"i'd give you a ferrari but i don't even have rent money.
yeah hes just gotta pm you the pussy on the chainwax
his demise came later.
this post was his claim to fame.
he got ousted from the reddit community because he started creating alternative accounts and upvoting his own posts to farm karma, i believe at a point even botting, if i recall correctly.
he would also use those alts to argue with people who disagreed with him or said bad things about his main account.
people found out and got really upset with him, understandably.
that came years later after he became the beloved residential biologist expert of reddit.
he was one of reddit's first reddit celebrities; personalities known and beloved by large swaths of the community.
again, this is all from the top of my head.
i dont get it either, sure, he might come a little too strong, bur after all, that were _his_ grounds, that was his jam, but being honest, i was expecting his comments to be downvoted, because a comment like that nowadays would be, or at least it seems like it
i only recognize well-earned upvotes as legitimate.
you can sell accounts to advertisers.
i have a friend that actually made a great living building instagram profiles and selling.
they delete the pictures and change the name to whatever they’re selling.
for some reason, reddit cannot be reached when loading the area you were at previously, and thus something went wrong with the scrolling back.
just don't panic!
can i post this question next week?
mum said it’s my turn.
found this after accidentally losing my place and starting at the top.
give me my place back, reddit!
laughs in apollo
how would you feel about this question being asked again, just formatted differently?
why am i seeing this post for at least a third time
'specially when i'm down 500 pages from top of all after about 4 days of grinding it that far only to lose it all from an accidental computer shut down
why does this get upvoted in r/askreddit?
it's something that everyone would either very much like to have, or would not mind having.
no point in asking these questions here imo
is this the groundhog day or something?
reddit is fun has had this feature for a while now.
it's quite nice.
how would you feel about this question finally being banned?
how would you feel if these stupid types of questions were banned.
you wouldn't be able to farm your sweet karma.
for fucks sake stop asking this damn question.
it doesn't even belong in this sub
rif and baconreader have this function
i don't ever lose my scrolling place.
for me the issue is i see a title i want to click just as i'm navigating away and hitting the back button reloads the listing and it's gone.
then the reddit search obviously can't find the post and it's too early to search for it with google.
how would you feel about a “stop reposting the same fucking questions” button for reddit
this question again ?
karma farming at its finest
anyone else get so depressed when the page closes and you know you can never go back?
sync has this feature
how would u feel if a cure for cancer was found?
this is why i opt out of/avoid the redesign wherever possible.
25 submissions per page, but my screen resolution's thankfully tall enough to fit about 12 at a time.
same way i felt last time i saw this question.
i didn't realize it but i had already scrolled so far down that i was at the last time this question was posted and had 30k likes.
luckily when i clicked back i got a nice fresh version of this question.
everyone wants this every time this question is posted.
fuckin do it, damn it.
i would feel better about it if i didn’t read the same fucking askreddit post multiple times a week.
ffs can you just stop repeating this one
i'd feel great because it would mean the end to posting this same question every day.
why are you spending money on this karma whore?
i prefer reddit as a rogue-like, thanks
how do you accidently scroll to the top?
that takes a lot of finger rolling to be an accident.
ive seen this damn post three times already
i can’t count the amount of times i’m 30 minutes deep into scrolling and accidentally high tail it to the top.
that’s my cue to go to sleep 
this needs to be a feature for apps more than reddit.
like placing a marker where you are to automatically return to.
you need to put reddit down.
tbh losing my spot is the only thing that makes leave reddit and put my phone down sometimes.
i just have reddit set to hide posts i've voted on.
i'm never more than a few pages in before i refresh for new content.
how many times are people going to ask this question on this sub?
 i see it at least twice a week.
i'd also be pretty good with a way to refresh my feed and have it actually be refreshed (mobile)
my turn to post this next week.
it be better than the awful preview comments.
this, this, this, please this.
my "end" button does that.
it would be nice.
i would just like it if clicking back on chrome didn't give me a refreshed page.
i clicked back because i wanted to go back to where i was.
instead i get an entirely new page and can't find the post that caught my eye in the first place.
what a stupid question, who the fuck wouldn't want this
no please, accidental top scrolling is the only way i can escape some days and actually do real world shit
it would be a dream come true.
and it should work if you close the app on the cellphone too.
like, no refreshes on the page ever, unless i manually do it.
na, this would ruin the excitment of the experience.
on the other hand i dont see, how this can be done.
i have learned javascript and i know that reddit works in react and as far as i know, there is no such thing that can easyly set a marker to go back to where you have been.
on the other hand, you can change the whole html code with js, so if they let an anchor travel with your scrolling, it might work.
i can't tell you the times i accidentally swiped back from as far down as i was trying show my gf or someone the post.
how many times is this gonna be posted this week?
accidentally returning to the top is often why i get out of bed in the morning.
as a software developer, i'd feel very impressed that they implemented it.
 seems like it would be quite difficult.
why specify reddit this should be on every site, i'm tired of that shit.
why do we even need a scroll to the top button?
all it ever does is get clicked accidentally.
im willing to bet all my karma, that nobody has ever clicked it intentionally.
if i need to get a fresh page, there is a refresh button built into every browser thats ever existed!
when i accidentally scroll to the top, i close the app.
it would be in reddit's interests to add this feature.
rule 3 you dumb cunt
this has become such an issue in my pathetic life, i’ve started watching where my cursor on screen is and making a mental note.
like okay my cursor is currently directly under my side button.
when i lose my spot i can at least be in the ballpark.
what am i doing?
once i was home alone around 17(my age) and always looking for something to eat so i thought i'll deep fry some fries.
but a match was going on the tv so i totally forgot i had something cooking and it somehow caught fire and till the time i realised our whole kitchen burned down.
i thought i  was grounded for my whole life.
when i saw the fire i lost my senses.
i had to be rescued from my own home.
fell unconscious just lying down inhaling smoke.
by the time i got my senses back i was in a hospital.
i heard my mom crying.
i thought my parents were gonna kill me after what i had done.
the doctor let them come in after half an hour and they just hugged me.
surprisingly i walked away with first-degree burns.
nothing it took longer than a week.
plus top-level hospitality i got.
yes and yes and yes
that'd be useful, but i feel like a "scroll to my reply" button would be much more useful for me, at least.
i always accidentally reload and spend 2 hours looking for my reply-
gimmie gimmie gimmie
why is this a question?
why would anyone not like this feature?
i wouldn’t care at all.
i don’t care about anything.
nobody gives a fuck
what do you mean “how would you feel?
” - i know you just ripped the wording from the last person who posted this exact question but this is fucking dumb.
of course it would be convenient, but what is there to even discuss, let alone “feel” about it?
how would you feel if you shut the fuck up instead?
i can't believe this ancient repost got more than 100k upvotes.
would be helpful, but i have noticed reddit will scroll to the top anytime i see a post about what didn't happen in tiananmen square
i'd never get off if i didn't occasionally lose my place, so i hate this idea
i would feel like i would get lost in a subreddit after hitting it just once accidentally and then messing up trying to get back to where i actually wanted to be initially
i would love that
my app would crash
undo my mistakes
just make it damn
i don’t mind too much as i usually collapse a thread after reading it.
but i wouldn’t mind the button
my number one missing feature
it would be the savior of my soul
just dont accidentally scroll to the top.
yes that would be perfect.
oh my god please!
shut up and take my money
oh dear god yes!
this has been asked many, many times.
but yeah, it would be nice.
i'd love this, especially the reddit mobile app on my phone loves to take me back to the top after hitting back from being in a post
assume that i don't do anything accidentally and stop trying to control me.
i don't have the attention span for that.
i just refresh and move on.
tumblr has this and while it sometimes malfunctions because tumblr, its definitely a lifesaver and would be much appreciated here.
i would have an orgasm every.
i would be all for this!
i'd actually love that
i've done this so many times!
take pity, give me the button.
i just want a "stop random comments from inside the thread popping up while scrolling" button
take my money and run.
i would use reddit more than i do because when that happens i just move on to youtube lol
i’d be happy if it even took me back to where i was after opening a post.
there is no "back" to go back to, though.
it's a constantly changing feed based on upvotes, new posts, viewing settings, etc.
it's not like static pages of a book where you can just flip back to where you left off.
your feed is a timeline-esque section of posts at a point in time (which is constantly changing), so pagination can't really be applied in a traditional sense
i think all apps should have this, it would make life so much easier
i would feel liberated as fuck.
it was needed about a year ago.
i get off reddit when that happens lmao
would be one of my most pressed buttons on reddit.
as good as i would feel if this question was never asked again.
the hero we need, not the one we deserve.
it would definitely be a payed for option
frankly this is the worst idea ever and shouldn't be implemented to reddit.
yea it’s not fun after i’ve scrolled through around 3 days of feed and then suddenly it’s gone
rightclick and open a new tap makes things easier.
instead, could i have the option to remove the header from half of my screen on mobile when i’m scrolling back up?
i bounce back to the top randomly far too often.
every time i hand my phone to my boyfriend to show him a post, he scrolls up to the top before he sees it.
losing my place is the only thing that gets me off reddit late at night.
sometimes when i lose my place i interpret it as a sign that its time for me to stop scrolling and go outside or something.
maybe its for the best we dont have that button
but not as good as i would feel about a button to scroll down to the next top level comment (scroll past the 100s of replies if i'm not interested).
reddit: "well, i don't want to be the bad guy anymore.
yes yes yes yes yes yes!
i want this button!
for the love of god please
say what you want about tumblr but at least it has this
i would've used that right when i posted this comment.
this needs to happen.
especially when you open reddit for the first time in the day on mobile and you see an interesting post which disappears when the new posts are loaded.
i would feel like this is an overasked question specifically used for karmawhoring.
mobile is the worst!
oh wait what was that?
back out please.
back out please.
reddit: oh you wanted me to back out and refresh the page?
probably the same way i felt about it when i saw this question the other seventeen times.
get me back to where i am
please make this reddit devs
lol the reddit is fun app has this and it is fucking amazing.
this question again?
ok, but just tell me.
what replies in the everloving world do you expect?
it’d make too much sense so we’ll never see it
i actually enjoy reading comments (as awful as that sounds), this would be a welcomed feature.
this may be the #1 most posted about thing on this sub and they still haven't given us one 
sometimes when i back out of a thread and i move down to quickly with my finger the screen spazzes out and goes lime 10 posts away up or down.
it's a long haul to get back to where you were.
hello fellow brother.
couldn't help but notice the name, almost thought it was me
or a button to press so that if you have to exit the app for a while, then you can come back to the portion of a thread you were at previously.
mom said it’s my turn to farm karma on r/askreddit
it’s not even weekly it’s fuckin’ daily
“hay redditorers, how would you feel about my incredible idea of introducing a feature everyone has widely discussed the wanting?
updoots on the right!
next turn it’s your mum
it's not just that kind of a problem with reddit, ever have a notification on your phone from reddit you go to view the reddit item and regardless of whether you tap back at the bottom of your android phone or tap the arrow at the top of the post, it takes you completely out of reddit.
or the accidental too many backs and it does a refresh, not only losing your place in reddit but completely replacing all of the stuff in reddit with the then current information.
such refresh operations should only be user requested, or at the very least an option to prompt you, are you sure you want to refresh, for those of us that find this happening often enough to be frustrating.
was about to come comment this too!
new reddit is basically unusable compared to the old one.
the only reason they made the changes was to serve more ads.
i came back to say i lost my spot again
the apollo app has this features, i use it regularly
most likely not going to happen, forcing you to scroll around looking for what you want increases "user engagement" metrics.
tech businesses are bonkers for those kind of metrics and will protect them at the cost of user experience/satisfaction until they see a significant drop in dau/mau daily active users/monthly active users.
of course by then the damage is done and it's hard to pinpoint the changes that led to the exodous.
it's the same reason new reddit is even a thing.
i work in tech and i've seen this pattern before.
obligatory /r/apolloapp plug.
used a number of reddit clients on the iphone over the years, and apollo is by far my favorite.
lots of customizability, no ads, plus the dev seems like an alright dude.
i came here looking for this comment
wait, is that feature on apollo?
i can’t find it.
anyone swap from rif to apollo and wanna pitch me?
i just don't have a good reason to stop using rif
apollo ultra gang here.
fucking best app for any device ever.
/u/iamthatis is by far the hardest working lone developer i can think of.
laughs in res extension.
i just click the 'back' button on my mouse and it takes me right back to exactly where i was.
also everything is permanently in dark mode.
laughs in narwhal.
so i just read why you laughed.
cries in android
sync does this too
how does the feature work?
i downloaded apollo and went through settings but didn’t see this option
can’t sacrifice all the subs i’ve filtered in narwhal.
reddit is fun has it too
this question/request gets posted so frequently, and every time an apollo comment is voted pretty highly.
some people just never learn.
come, fellow redditors, join us in 2030
once a week it seems.
it's not even an interesting question.
who would be against such a button?
this is like an upvote for feature request.
button that banishes people to the moon for asking this question  button that takes me back to where i was on reddit
i think i’d rather have 10 of those famous “sexiest sex ever sexed” questions than this goddamn question every other day.
op knows damn well how everyone thinks about this
i was looking for the cynical comment referring to this being an effortless repost.
ah yes and eventually we will get to another “how do you feel about banning ‘how do you feel about’ posts”
karma farmers gotta farm.
i flagged as spam and you can, too!
i fucking hate this kind of question.
"oh how would you feel if something people very broadly want or agree with?
" it's not a question that gets interesting answers, and it's basically award and karma farming as people give away awards just because they agree
just curious, what brings one to the 500th page of     r/all, and what makes it so important to stay there once you get there?
better suited to r/ideasfortheadmins
the exact same thing posted all the time and hits the front page every few months it seems.
hey op, we're years ahead of you
the real problem is it always gets to hot.
among all of the senseless questions in new there is always this one to reach te top.
i felt the same; who wouldn't want it?
 it wouldn't interfere with those who don't want it (and again, who tf wouldn't?
) and could only be beneficial to most.
it’s like asking in the 50s who would want a remote or something.
idk, not a great analogy but not a great question either.
i felt the same as you.
because op is a clout chasing karma whore?
how would r/askreddit feel about 120 year olds having to pass a medical test to keep their drivers license?
yeah, i was confused as fuck for a minute.
i haven't been on reddit in a few days and this question was on my screen.
i reloaded to get the current front page and i see this and think something screwy happened.
idk but i relate to ur username
two words: karma whore
dayuum op actually won the bet, oh well 126$'s out of the pocket xd, the original post he copied was mine btw
yeah, i dont know why people keep on asking.
probably not updated reddit since its quite recent.
heh, cant imagine living like them plebs, amrite?
most apps have the function, as does the desktop if you have reddit enhancement suite installed.
it is a person's own damn fault if they haven't looked past the crappy official reddit app.
didn’t they already ban these questions a couple years ago?
did they unban them or has this one just evaded deletion article this point?
gotta farm 'em karmas
especially when there's already multiple third party reddit apps that already have this feature.
what's the function on baconreader?
i just do hide read posts.
or you straight up forget what caught your eyes and just scroll for ages hoping it will catch your eye again.
the only reason anyone ever clicks back is to go to the same page they were on, but you can't.
it's so annoying.
it's even worse on yt.
page closes and you know you can never go back?
in a comment thread?
there is the scrroll in chrome extension for remembering scroll positions if you return after closing the tab:.
the extension now auto fetches the last saved scroll position on page load, if page has any saved scroll.
you must have been in a situation wherein you are reading a long article but you don't have enough time to finish it so you close the tab, and the next time you open the article again, you have no idea where you left it.
well not anymore, with this extension you can save the scroll position of the page and then revisit the page at any time to continue where you left.
but if i want to return, i usually just control + f find my way back.
for me personally, saving a scroll position isn’t as frequent as saving the existing tabs.
for that, you can use the session buddy chrome extension:.
session buddy is a session manager that allows you to:.
  save open tabs as collections that can be easily restored later.
great for freeing up memory and avoiding clutter.
  recover your open tabs after a crash.
  see and manage all open tabs in one place.
  search open tabs and collections to quickly find what you're looking for.
the beta version of sync for reddit is the best way to use reddit imo, insanely good app.
as does reddit is fun for android.
no, i hope they don't just to spite all the people spamming this here.
tapping the bar at the top of the screen brings you back up to the start of your timeline on mobile.
this is the way.
i'm so confused that no one has heard of this.
i have this when i laying on the side and opening a picture and it switches to landscape mode.
when i back out, it always scrolls like 20 posts up.
yeah especially when you’ve been scrolling for twenty minutes lol
sometimes when i’m on pc, i drop my mouse like a klutz and the same thing happens
but mum said i get next week!
just ask something about sex lol that should get you karma
i also really hate, when on mobile, if you are scrolling through the comments and your finger rests on the screen too long, or you accidentally press too hard, and it collapses the comment thread, so then you have to uncollapse the thread and then scroll potentially through dozens of comments to get back to what you were reading.
so goddamn frustrating.
sometimes i just say fuck it and lose all interest in the thread because it keeps happening over and over and over.
is there a way to disable it that i’m just too dumb to be aware of, or do i just have to deal with it?
this reminds me of the issue i have with excel highlighting ranges of columns of cells.
click the first cell.
move mouse to highlight last one, and slip and click the bar between the cells - go back to the top.
holy shit, you said it.
it is so frustrating to either count on losing your place or having to open links in separate windows.
just let me open the link and go back to where the hell i was.
shouldn't be so difficult.
how about when i’ve scrolled waaaaay back to find something that my wife texted me but she texts me to ask me if i found it and now i’m back at the beginning?
"reddit is fun" app has a temporary "forward" button that brings you back to your scroll spot if you hit back too far and go to the top.
i personally don't care about what's "trending" or most recent: i care about being able to read the interesting looking stories on my feed when i come on reddit.
i have the same frustration on twitter (post disappearing before i can share it because it's 3 or 4 days old) & youtube (selection of suggested videos changes, so i literally have to write down title/channel of everything i want to watch, coz when i'm done with a video, the same selection won't be there, anymore.
i hate that i can have the same page on reddit for hours and it never leaves but i get a notification and exit for just a moment and lose a thread i was interested in.
and even worse, half the time the post you were looking for completely disappears from the whole site.
 like you go to the sub and it's not there, and the only way to find it is hope you remember the title and search for it.
for me it’s accidentally hitting the next top comment double arrow icon and having to scroll back up and find my place
apparently this is a big thing.
i'm gonna say why tf are you using lighr mode?
holy smokes  batman!
it’s a perfect 5/7
i'll plug sync for any other android users reading this thread, solid ui & superior to the "official" app.
its got a few funkitudes, but its worlds better than anything else i've tried.
i am still salty that i'm expected to even use an app in the first place though.
 i don't want a fucking app for every website i use, the old version of reddit mobile was great until they kept making it progressively worse over time.
worked with /u/iamthatis outside of reddit.
can confirm he’s pretty alright.
how do you like it compared to ad-free baconreader?
also an apollo user.
i keep trying apollo, but i just cannot stand the ui compared to the official app
and now i’m leaving!
i like how we’re just a cult now.
i’m embracing it.
sent from apollo ultra
double tap the header after fucking up your scroll.
i have misinformed- single tap to go to the top another single tap to unfuck your scroll and go back.
i’ve got an iphone and i can’t get this to work.
what am i doing wrong?
honestly, the only annoying thing about rif is that i can't buy or give awards.
but i certainly wouldn't trade that feature for not having my forward button!
plus rif has this too, but let's see what the people say
i was a die hard alien blue user and resisted for as long as i can.
i considered ab the best and it doesn’t even hold a candle to apollo
dunno what rif is honestly but apollo easily allows for swapping accounts, filtering subs, creating a list of favorite subs.
gestures to up/downvote, reply, save, hide posts.
works well enough for basic moderator tasks if that's a thing too.
good playback and seamless support of multiple image hosts and video hosts.
you can set things like "upvote a post when i save it".
honestly one of the best apps i've ever used, not just reddit apps.
ios only from what i know though.
i'd love to try apollo if it ever came to android.
i'm looking at this post thinking everyone is a certified idiot.
is res not common sense these days?
res is what made reddit usable way back in the day.
to the point that i don’t know if reddit would have survived it hadn’t been an option.
apollo happens to allow system dark mode, pure black dark mode, and purer back dark mode.
and you can leave it always on, or follow your phone when it switches.
rif (reddit is fun but they had to change the name when the official app came out) also does this.
rif and sync are both great.
relay doesn't have this but it does have a big red button that you tap to hide already seen posts so you've always got fresh content.
and it isn't really easy to accidentally refresh.
sync has had this feature for a long time.
best reddit app also in my opinion.
all of the main android apps are significantly better than apollo in my experience.
there is a real paucity of good reddit apps on iphone.
all the third party reddit apps are much better than the official, a d arguably better than apolo, so theres no better platform for reddit than android.
other than web browser with res, of course.
if you tap the header to jump back to top, just tap it again to return back down to where you were.
if you’re talking about the “i accidentally tapped the top of the screen and got sent back to the top” screw up, you just tap the same area at the top of the screen and it sends you back to where you were.
gotta whore a karma or two.
on reddit everyday, never seen a post like this before, obviously not an original question but i've never seen it recently.
i’ve been on reddit for quite some time and i can honestly say i’ve never seen this question asked.
i would actually enjoy a feature like that
this is the first time i've ever seen it!
if reddit were to add an undo button that can go back to where the redditor was, when the redditor accidently scrolls to the top, what changes do you think it bring to the behavior and screen time of an average reddit and should it be implemented?
you weren't exaggerating in the slightest, good god
and now they deleted their comment of course.
it’s not a question at all.
it’ll keep getting reposted until reddit implements it.
then it’ll occasionally get reposted by bots and people will be like “huh?
i think that's the idea.
it's not even a feasible feature request.
okay, so you'd like some sort of browsing tracker, to bookmark everywhere you go?
for each user on the site?
(but not the recently viewed links, because we already have that feature and it works.
on a site that doesn't have decent video or image hosting, that doesn't have decent mobile viewing options, and split the user experience between what was stable, but old, and the redesign, which was supposed to be better looking and is just weird.
and then there's the chat features and the live streaming and all the other stuff they keep bolting onto the site.
heck, even the mod tools haven't been seriously updated to keep pace with the size of the site.
mods of larger subreddits have to use third party stuff just to help keep track of things in their modqueues.
instead of adding all these new features, can we not just take user feedback, roll out one, standard reddit that actually plays properly with the official mobile app, one that is stable and is designed to load swiftly, and one that gives mods the tools they need to help mod a site this big?
i swear these kinds of questions were banned for a while, weren’t they?
specifically because “how would you feel about.
” questions were always like this where it was just op pitching an idea no sane person would disagree with for karma.
the entire format of "how would you feel about popular idea?
" just needs to be banned.
how about a report button for karma whoring?
what kinda 2015 internet lingo are you using.
you're supposed to put comparisons like this into an image macro with a modified version of drake's face nowadays.
reddit, what was the sexiest sex you've ever sexed?
oh, it's eternal since i'm never scrolling down that subreddit again and i can just imagine what i've missed.
where can i find that option?
but this guy is clearly trying to view 4 day old stuff that no one else cared about.
i mean, i gradually get there after 4 days of grinding.
da da da da (da da da da)
da da da da da da.
da da da da da da .
da da da dun diddle un diddle un diddle uh da da
i’m waiting for it to show up in r/unpopularopinion
yeah but then how would they get 10’s of thousands of upvotes?
the admins are already aware that people want it.
"user feedback" for products this large is pointless.
it's not your job to remind professional developers what basic usability is.
if they haven't implemented it it's because they either can't or don't want to.
they are busy with inventing shittier ways to do video.
and the volume control involves broken glass
that doesn't go far enough.
 i'd rather they just ban everybody else but me.
you just gave me an idea for an askreddit post
try rif instead of the shitty default app
nah the mods just suck
on my previous account i had some of my favourite askreddit posts get removed  and i can't for the life of me remember why i even saved the post.
and i don't rarely save posts so you know it was a good one that is now lost in time.
actually this is similar to me adding videos to my watch later on youtube and seeing it removed or privated :'(
this thread made me remember that if the axe old.
reddit layout i'm gone
it's probably because i'm/we're a relatively old-timer/s.
there was a point several years ago when people were bitching about the algorithm not putting new content on the frontpage.
this was the simple solution to always have new content.
you can have up or down votes hide the posts, so if you want something to stick around you don't need both votes hiding posts.
you could also just hide posts, but voting feels quicker to me.
omg i thought it was just me!
i also get stupid issues with the top comment not collapsing.
have to swipe 3 times often to collapse the first comment chain
bruh, do you lift the mouse to click or something?
or do you like throw it off the edge of your desk?
how the heck do you drop your mouse often?
this is how i realize that i’m falling asleep.
my thumb suddenly collapsing comments and feeling that minor vibration from my device.
this happens to me a lot more than the going back to the top thing.
this happens to me more than the scrolling to the top thing
holy shit that’s the most annoying fucking problem with this app.
this one is the worst of them.
i can handle everything else.
this, is what i cannot.
this happens to me once in every post, nearly.
must be the fat fingers
omg that’s so annoying!
it happens way to often
lol tried this while halfway through reading this comment and regretted it immediately
i see someone who needs to try the end, home, pg up and pg down  buttons on their keyboard.
even combine them with a button like shift.
its an ancient solution to an ancient (your) problem
click the top corner cell, scroll down and over to where you need to select, then hold shift and click the bottom right cell.
all the cells in between will be selected
what's up with some replies opening in the comment chain when you click and others belonging to a "continue thread" thing that takes you to another area that holds just those few replies?
i don't understand what makes those special.
it's not always a particularly long reply chain either, sometimes it's one more comment!
pretty funny how that's what happened to me and i saw this post though.
it hadn’t switched to dark mode yet.
but also, i didn’t know it was even an option about two months ago.
well well well, if it isn't the source of all my problems.
somethings funny i can feel it
the scale only goes to 7, and it starts at 3.
143/10 (i understand the joke i’m just a mathy boi)
yes apollo is native ios only and made by 1 awesome developer.
part of why it's so slick.
but for android you need another option.
boost is pretty good.
react for reddit looks really promising as well, but at the moment it's way too wip for regular use.
i really hope the dev keeps working on it though, because i really like the design.
it is especially well made if you have full-screen phone with gestures on instead of buttons imo.
for now i agree with the sync recommendation though.
this has become such a frustrating problem.
and the fact that they're still pretending it's for a better user experience instead of just admitting they want to mine your data makes it even more infuriating.
i made the switch from premium baconreader to apollo and i don't think i could ever go back.
it's been a few years so perhaps it's gotten better since then though
it takes a while to get used to the swiping, but i’ve come to prefer it over anything.
tap once to go to the top.
tap again to go back.
thanks for letting us know.
i knew it was a feature i just didn’t know how to use it.
i can’t get it to work.
still cant figure it out.
the header as in subreddit title?
just opens the text box for me.
ah perfect thank you!
you’re using the apollo app instead of the native reddit app, right?
i like that rif gets rid of the award bullshit, it only shows basic gold/silver.
awards are the dumbest thing to ever be added to reddit
i haven't seen the desktop site in years and i really don't know what all those awards are when people complain about them.
i see absolutely no reason to use anything other than rif.
if it ever gets taken down i'm probably just never going to go to reddit again, same as facebook and every other social media side out there.
seems like 90% of these complaints are solved by a simple app.
honestly, the only annoying thing about rif is that i can't buy or give awards.
you're actually selling people on rif there lol
how do you do it?
closest thing i know of is the feature to return to the last subreddit you were looking at if you accidentally hit the back button.
also cool ios 14 widgets and pip support
i switched but won’t slander rif at all.
 i liked rif a lot and used to recommend it, but apollo is one of the best apps i’ve ever used.
 everything about it is 100% satisfying, and when there are bugs the developer is crazy responsive.
easily allows for swapping accounts, filtering subs, creating a list of favorite subs.
good playback and seamless support of multiple image hosts and video hosts.
not sure about these but they do sound cool:.
gestures to up/downvote, reply, save, hide posts.
you can set things like "upvote a post when i save it".
it is, but i think most people are talking about mobile.
the “tap to get to the top” is a feature of the mobile apps, not a struggle on desktop.
rif is a great piece of software, i use that more than reading reddit on my pc (with res) , it's just so good
18 gifts for them at the moment.
i don’t know how that’s possible.
maybe i spend way too much time here but i see it all the time.
it seems to get a ton of attention so i see why it’s karma whored like crazy.
well that question seemed like it was actually wondering about the different implications of a button and whether it would do more harm than good.
meanwhile this is just “upvote to feel validated”.
til you used to be unable to return to your spot when accidentally scrolling to the top of reddit.
my parents literally beat into me the value of hard work.
if you make a mistake you fix it.
you accidentally go back to the top?
stretch that finger and get scrolling, son.
let me sherpa you over the mountainside of my mind
something went wrong.
please, don't panic.
i mean apollo already does it so it’s not impossible.
honestly that response is quite repetetive too these days, it feels like i'm going mad whenever i'm on on askreddit.
feels like i see the same shit day in and day out.
time to get a hobby.
op’s original comment said he was scrolling down 500 posts lol
hiding posts works well for me.
read the comments?
i don't need it in my face all day, get rid of it and let something new take its place.
wash and repeat.
you have to go into the settings on the webpage and check a box.
it’s called something like “automatically hide posts i’ve voted on”
like are you sorting by top of all time?
there's nothing good after page 20
or in r/1940sbattleships
“unpopular opinion but, if you think black people are inferior solely because of the color of their skin then you are a racist!
it already did like a week ago
with the watch later thing.
god i hate that.
i wish they'd let you at least see the title s you know what was on there.
i tend to stockpile things to watch later so it's always stuff i have no chance of remembering
i will have a look at this in future.
i normally don’t collapse comments on purpose.
just when i scroll through them and have my finger on one for too long.
most people recommend the apollo so for ios user but i can’t get used to the design somehow
this is also my alert to get off the couch and go on to bed!
can’t figure which notifications on which account!
i have to go through all of them.
then it’s, “look at my cat!
” i’m like dang it!
it took me forever to figure out which account to close out the notifications!
also why the “1 more reply” thing?
 why can’t i just see the fully expanded version of the thread?
new reddit is basically unusable compared to the old one.
the only reason they made the changes was to serve more ads.
i’m going to look into if there is a way to fix it and i’ll post an update in my original comment if i find anything
even just ctrl+shift+arrow keys.
fun fact: it's actually 'whale, whale, whale'!
the meaning behind the spelling is essentially: you say whale three times, a whale appears, and it takes care of business like a mf big ass whale.
something something with rice.
likely somebody turned into a pickle.
not to exceed 6, but no less than 3.
rif gang where you at
its only a better experience because once they released the app they made the mobile website as trash as they could lol
it's pretty much the same as it ever was, so i guess i'll have to give apollo a shot!
good looking out.
it’s kind of a hidden one.
app has sooo many features it’s hard to know if you’re using them all.
very top of your screen in themiddle
like, where the screen meets the phone.
i am literally tapping my speaker on the iphone x
in ye olde reddit days there was only gold to award.
“reddit silver” was just a jpeg meme.
 i don't need to see 123827 different 16px images, they add literally nothing for me.
apollo can turn all of those off, as well as other stuff like subreddit icons, flair and such.
plus a lot of customization how posts, buttons etc display and are organized.
if it ever gets taken down i'm probably just never going to go to reddit again.
you wouldn’t even give other apps a go?
there’s a lot of visible love showered upon apps like apollo, baconreader, narwhal, relay, sync and more.
apollo and narwhal are ios only, relay is android only, baconreader and sync are both.
it's worth a try i think, the app is just so intuitive to me.
its my turn next week.
and 1 for you if it makes ya feel better.
as soon as i was done posting my comment it jumped to 306.
edit3: 318, like wtf people.
or maybe i just don't spend enough time here.
that's probably it.
people who used reddit before you could go back where you stopped, how was it?
til you can't return to your spot if you accidentally scrolled to the top of reddit.
hey wait a minute.
yeah you tell em
the reddit is fun app already has this feature on mobile.
if you accidentally hit the back button it has a "forward" button pop up automatically.
my hobbies involve going on reddit to ask for advice!
a vicious cycle.
i have been using this website for something like 8 years and i have been doing this by manually hiding posts after reading them or getting annoyed after seeing them too many times.
i’ve got a punt i would like to give you.
will probably end up in r/fucknazeem
currently with 7 members and 101 online!
“ok this will get downvoted but imo apples are usually red but can also be green or even yellow.
i think black people are inferior solely because of the color of their skin, i am racist.
this is a little more r/unpopularopinion.
i agree, they should at least leave the titles of the videos that are privated, because then you could do another search and possibly find that same video that’s not privated.
i especially hate when it happens to videos that i’ve saved in my favorites.
i’d really like to know which videos i really like, are missing.
even worse is when it shows more replies.
but once it's pressed disappears.
but could be my app.
i have the same problem, except half the time when i click the button it just disappears.
i wanted to read the comment thread that's supposedly there, if there's nothing there then why leave that button there?
funnily enough, same for me too
this is my favorite fun fact.
geez, that post was six years ago, now.
i was here for that!
funniest shit i’ve ever seen
we got ya back.
the only real answer
i’ve been using apollo for as long as my reddit account has existed.
i just learned a few weeks ago about the translate feature lmao .
tap the three dots on a message in another language and an option will pop up to translate
doesnt work for me.
i get it now, its above the subreddit name but single tapping works to get to top but no matter how i tap it wont go down again.
for me tapping multiple times breaks this completely, it only works if i wait a second and press again.
thanks, good to know!
i already called dibs.
but i did it in a thread you don’t go to, so don’t try looking into it.
i mean blizzard.
fuck i'm high rn
omg it’s fuckin real?
i love that this exists
on mobile, why tf like every third click or upvote does reddit immediately go to a screen reading something like, 'welcome back to reddit you are still logged in' but then it completely redirects me to reddit all or the main page of some other sub.
that and not allowing comment to be entered after typing it.
must copy, refresh page, find place, paste, and try again.
 seriously fackin shatty ui.
", i don't want the gd app!
edit 2: holy butt f, private shit stack!
the op has like twenty-four golds or other awards and 68,000 upvotes at this point.
anyone want to make a prop bet that the owners of reddit will never see nor make any improvements mentioned in this thread?
i hate that so much.
i'll get all deep into a conversation and be excited that there's 16 more replies.
poofs into the void.
nah mine does that too.
then it'll have another "4 more replies" and i'll click that and those disappear.
and then "1 more reply" tap nothing.
sometimes i'll be rewarded with actual replies and i feel like a real winner.
mine does that too!
this happens to me as well.
 the mobile app sucks.
this happens to me all the time .
 “eight more replies” oh cool, this is a really interesting thread.
 “just kidding, hide”
you want funny, bro?
that's how everyone got here.
i also lost my place.
it doesn't sound right but i don't know enough about whales to dispute it
i can finally go to r/de and r/ich_iel?
edit i still cant read german pictures but the comments are neat
you're only supposed to single tap.
i called dibs even before that, in an invisible thread so don't search for it
of course they won't make any "improvements".
reddit didn't use to suck this bad.
it's done on purpose to make us download the app.
 or when i get a reply, and i click it, and it just takes me to the home page of the thread, and i can’t even find my post, let alone the replies in context.
it literally did that to this comment.
i still don't know where i am.
it's just as whale
don’t look into it though, just trust me
or just learn german!
just out of curiosity though, it seems like you always wanted to be able to read those subs, any specific reason why?
if you click the three dots on a message in another language it will give you the option to translate it
go to r/de and long tap a post, translate is at the bottom.
works for comments too!
just learned about this too and it’s awesome.
ah well i wasn’t aware it was in that update
i called dibs on a dibs, triple stamp no erasy.
the app has the same issues.
that's exactly my guess as well.
 but they can't make me download the app.
 it sucks, but it's still fun enough and i can read and find laughs all day if i want.
 i'm very stubborn, and most apps suck even worse than mobile or full versions, suck too much data, and have reduced features.
the app isn’t better
the app is even worse.
it’s a pain in the arse getting back to your own posts and comments and i’m going to have to switch off all notifications because it keeps pushing ‘trending’ posts from a deeply stupid covid denial sub.
 and that is done to slurp up all our data so they can sell it.
nah i was goofin, they're just the most common non-english subs i see on r/all
i recommend reading the update notes when they come out!
they might be long but stuff like that is included.
christian likes people to use his new features after all!
you cant triple stamp and double stamp!
you cant triple stamp and double stamp!
ahh, that explains it, i was just wondering how these subs would be of particular interest to non-german speakers xd
not only did this man create an empire that almost everyone loves, but he was a genuine man who just loved to see people smile.
i had the pleasure of working under him for some pop culture conventions and all he wanted was to see fans smile and enjoy his legacy.
 he loved to joke with those around him, and he would tease the ever loving hell out of everyone he could.
i remember him using his motorised scooter to get around backstage and his poor assistant would speed walk to keep up with him, but he would just keep increasing the speed until she was running beside him.
a wicked grin on his face the whole time.
or how he would constantly make his staff repeat themselves "what i didn't hear you!
" untill they had repeated themselves four times, witnessing that initially made me sad, thinking his hearing was poor, until he looks at me with that same grin and winks.
my time with him was short, but i'm so glad i got it, this man changed my life before i even met him, and he made a huge impact when i did as well.
was really hoping he'd get to see avengers 4, but at least he did get to see and interact with his creations on the big screen.
his wife passed away not too long ago, too.
it must have been lonely to all of a sudden be without his life partner.
he was the highest grossing actor of all time if you include cameos and supporting actors!
seriously, there was a thread in here i was reading earlier on today about who you can’t believe is still alive and someone mentioned stan lee.
i'm 40+ years of age.
when i was growing up, all the marvel comics i read featured stan's soapbox, a short column where he would write about whatever was on his mind.
it was like a personal letter every month, and always did such a good job of welcoming all into this little club of misfits and weirdos.
stan is different than most of my heroes in that when i think of him, i'm always 13 again.
i guess over the next few years we will see how many future cameos were filmed early.
it will be nice to still see him and know that there is more to look forward to
good bye to a great mind.
between him and hawking it's been a terrible year.
both changed the world in their own ways.
since i grew up with superheroes and their ideas of morals, protecting the innocent, ect.
i feel like it really shaped me morally, and gave me an interest in criminology and upholding the law.
this sounds pretty stereotypical, but it means a lot to me.
i grew up in a family with two alcoholic parents and likely abuse-related early onset mental illness.
my reality was incredibly bleak from a very young age.
one day, i got my hands on an anthology of the original amazing spiderman comics.
every morning and every night when i got home from school i cracked open that anthology and read each and every comic again and again and again.
stan lee gave me a healthy escape to a world where all loose ends tied up nicely, where the bad guys always lost, where i knew i was safe.
rest in peace mr.
thank you for everything you've done for me and the likely tens of  thousands like me.
i'll repeat in what i said in another thread but shortly.
he used his platform for selfless purposes and he always stood up for the minority in the face of bigotry.
captain america fought nazi's, iron man was an alcoholic war vet, the x-men represented those who had been misunderstood and cast out by society and it's all too alienating standards.
power man a black man whose skin was his power defended harlem.
rest in peace stan lee!
you were awesome!
damn one last cameo in endgame made me cry.
rip to a real one
mods, can we please ban those "who is still alive" posts?
this tragedy could have been avoided
i hope the children who fought and bickered over his money don't see a dime.
i was a high school senior at a college preparation workshop.
the instructor presented a quick essay prompt: "write about who you are.
" having been amazed and greatly inspired by the very first mcu movie just recently, i pulled off the top of my head, "i am.
" this went on to become the basis of my admissions essay, and i owe my choice to pursue a career in engineering to tony stark.
thank you stan lee.
i always loved superheroes, and my childhood was filled with marvel.
spider-man was always my favorite, because i was a weird kid and found spiders fascinating.
i loved him more as i grew up, because there were so many similarities: raised in poor families beset by financial troubles.
quick with jokes to cover insecurities.
a deep love of science that shaped everything i did.
the implicit knowledge that i may not be the strongest, or the toughest, or the most resilient, but that i always had to stand back up.
intellectually gifted and, with it, a compulsory, driving need to use that to help people.
it's why i became a scientist researching psychiatric illnesses, and then later alzheimer's disease, because i recognized that i had a gift - and so i had a responsibility.
spider-man is paper and ink, but he is an ideal i always have, and always will, aspire to.
and the man who helped give me that ideal, who shaped so much of my childhood and identity, has died, and the world is a sadder place.
thank you, stan lee.
thank you for your heroes and your dreams.
thank you for helping shape me into the person i am.
i know it’s “silly” to mourn public figures who you never personally knew, and obviously my grief pales in comparison to the grief of his loved ones, but this one (and iwata) really got to me.
i knew stan lee before i knew who the hell he was.
he was the guy with the cool voice who narrates my spiderman game on n64 when i was a child.
it wasn’t until years later that i learned it was his voice, but even before then i learned the name of stan lee.
he helped create my favorite superhero, spiderman.
he gave my father a line of comics to pass down to me and form a closer connection between the two of us.
and he created a character who taught me that i’m not powerless just because i was a kid.
while it’s easy to write off comic books as a child’s entertainment medium, his work really did have a lasting impact on my life, and that impact has in turn helped me touch the lives of others with his works.
i never discuss this outside of my clinical setting, but i use the themes and tropes of spider-man in my practice to help clients, many of whom are not particularly intellectual, understand concepts like codependency and hero complexes.
thanks to stan, i’m able to explain very complex ideas to my clients and help them overcome what i’ve come to call “peter parker syndrome.
” so, even beyond his personal impact on my own life, i owe stan lee a great debt.
his is an influence that will be missed.
marvel games, movies, and media at large will simply not be the same without him.
through the act of creating superheroes, stan lee himself became a superhero, a household name that influenced generations of people all around the world.
may he rest in peace, but may his legacy continue to resonate with men and women of all ages for generations to come.
since people were asking what “peter parker syndrome” is, i’ll copy/paste my response here.
it’s an allegory i use to illustrate certain themes:.
it’s how i explain codependency and hero complex to clients.
i started by introducing spider-man and his real identity.
i outline to my client that, once peter gets his powers, he goes all in on being spiderman.
a running theme in the books is that spiderman is the real identity, and peter parker is the “disguise.
anyway, peter goes all in on being spiderman, and it starts to fuck with his life.
he loses his girlfriend, drops out of school/loses his job, and loses touch with family.
but he doesn’t care, because he gets to be the hero and that’s what matters most to him.
time passes, and a villain shows up.
wipes the floor with spiderman.
then he realizes that the one thing he cares about, being the hero, he can’t even do anymore.
in some storylines, he gives up and puts away the costume.
slowly but surely, he rebuilds his life.
he starts dating again, re enlists in school/gets a new job, starts having hobbies again.
and for the first time in a long time, peter is happy.
then the villain comes back.
in the absence of anyone else who can help, he inevitably puts the mask back on and fights.
and what he learns (and then unlearns because the universe is reset) is that, in order to be a good spiderman, he has to be a good peter parker.
and when peter suffers, so does spiderman.
i then relate the client’s self care to their “peter parker” and their desire to be there and care for others to their “spiderman,” to illustrate that they cannot engage in the selfless acts they want to if they do not take care of themselves first.
a seemingly simple idea that a lot of my clients struggle to wrap their head around.
i then have them keep a running tab of how peter parker is doing each day to find gaps in self care.
stan lee dying is like david attenborough or the queen dying, i refuse to believe it's possible until it is
i know i’m late to this post but i met him when i was 17.
shook his hand and asked him some questions and had a muffin with him.
he is my hero, i didn’t have the most active male role models in my life and i used comics to fill that void.
i learnt more from spider-man about responsibilities then anyone.
i learnt all about racism at a young age through x-men and i learnt patriotism and to always fight the good fight through captain america.
of course i learnt weird things like don’t go through space portals or don’t inject yourself with a weird virus as your girlfriend tries to kill you.
but most importantly i learnt there is others out there like me who also were alone and needed someone.
i grew up when it was still lame to be a nerd and i was bullied for knowing what the circle in iron mans chest was.
my first fist fight was over spider-man.
my first memory of my dad is him reading me west coast avengers.
to stan lee, thank you.
you helped me grow up and become a much better person then i would of become without you.
i owe you so much and it hurts i couldn’t give you more than a smile when we met.
but he called me a true believer.
so to all the other true believers out there.
keep believing in yourself and others.
i love you all!
i knew it was going to happen eventually, given how he was going on in his 90s.
the man has lived a very fulfilling life.
he got to see all of his creations come to life through marvel studios.
he got to play minor roles in them as well.
spider-man, hulk, x-men, daredevil, captain america, iron man, avengers getting together for the first time ever and many more.
the man has lived a very creative life and breathed super heroes.
i'm sad he's gone, but in such a large legacy left behind, all of his creative works will live on.
marvel comics were my childhood and even now are a huge part of my adulthood.
his amazing stories enthralled me as a kid and continue to inspire me as an adult.
me and my generation will be forever grateful to this man's imagination.
through the genre of superheros he spurred our interest in technology and science, opened our eyes to prejudice and bigotry and permeated lessons of morality and basic human decency.
stan made it a priority that most marvel super heroes also show a degree of vulnerability and also in many cases (x-men, spider-man) show them doing the right thing and getting absolutely nothing out of it; peter parker would still be broke and mutants would still be persecuted against.
this truly is a sad day, but given all of the allegations of elder abuse i'm glad he's at peace now.
his legend will live on forever.
rest well true believer.
you know it's funny.
stan lee was a person who brought people together.
he wasnt just some comic book writer, he was thee comic book writer.
idc if you were a jock,nerd,goth,prep.
everyone single person knew his name and loved him for what he was able to accomplish in his very long very successful life.
95 years old still "acting", still being able to do the things he did with as clear of a mind as his.
today is a day that we lost not only a very loved person but today we lost the greatest comic book hero ever to live.
late diagnosed dyslexia and attention deficit disorder meant i could't read at the age of 8.
that is until my mum bought me a stack of marvel comics.
stan is my hero because if it wasnt for him i would be illiterate.
my biggest regret in life is that when i met the man i froze and couldn't tell him this.
i now teach english.
they should make stan lee’s birthday a national holiday
god fucking damn it.
the queen better stick it out to 2020.
his comics were so fucking enjoyable, another great loss :(
i wonder if he already filmed his cameo for avengers 4 and if they will include it still
lee, thank you for being my escape from reality.
i remember watching x-men cartoons when i was little and being so fascinated by it, then i started buying the comics, watch the movies, and now it's a big part of who i am.
a quote you said about x-men was, "i wanted them to be different.
the whole underlying principle of the x-men was to try to be an anti-bigotry story to show there's good in every person.
"  you made me believe that hope.
the world won't be the same without your incredible presence.
rest in peace and love.
god dammit its been 5 months and im still not over it once i see a post about him passing away.
the guy created characters that served as father figures for kids who didn't have one in their lives.
provided pillars of morality and courage for many many people.
can't imagine how many people battled depression, anxiety and suicidal thoughts by thinking: "if cap can fight in the name of good and the truth, i can make it one more day".
thank you stan lee.
he has a legendary legacy that will live on forever 
damn, i really wanted him to make it to 100.
he was born in 1922.
ottoman empire exited until 1922.
they also just finished building the lincoln memorial in 1922.
weimar republic, british empire, all those were still a thing back in 1922.
living to the age of 95, having a hugely successful career and all.
sounds like he had a great life.
i was a young gay kid that was bullied all the time.
 the world of comic books were an escape for me.
 many days sitting alone and escaping to the works of stan lee.
 i remember reading a hulk comic, where the hulk didn’t care that a character was hiv positive and saved him when no one else would.
 thanks stan lee the characters you created were my friends and heroes when i had none.
honestly i, a large adult male in his 40s, almost broke when his cameo came up in spider-verse, especially because of why his character shows up and what he says (heroic sacrifices are a weakness of mine).
stan lee's creativity was inspirational to me for as long as i can remember.
the characters and stories that he had a part in bringing to life have helped in the creation of some of my favorite memories and relationships.
he was able to live a long, prosperous life from what it seemed, and i can only hope that his final moments were painless.
if i had to guess, i would think that he is enjoying himself up in the cosmos.
excelsior, and thank you for everything you did stan.
i remember his wife bursting out during an interview about how he would write poetry to her daily.
she expressed how good a husband and friend he was to her and i feel it important to not overlook that.
he encouraged creativity in his fans and to my knowledge never judged anyone over a dislike of their creativity.
he was just a darn good dude and i'm happy we had him as long as we did.
stan, the heros you imagined may have been only that, but you used them to make the world a better place for so many people.
we miss you already.
godspeed, and thank you.
the saddest thing about this is hearing the news of those closest to him trying to extort/coerce money from him.
i didnt read too much of it but its always dissapointing to hear regardless.
95 is a grand age but he's also left a lasting impact on comics, tv and film.
couldnt have asked for better really.
every “f” is a yondu-style ravager firework in the cosmos for stan 
one day, when i was a kid, my brother and i walked down the road to the nearest gas station to buy some candy.
that’s where i saw wizard magazine (#34) for the first time, which featured on its cover an illustration of rogue and psylocke of the x-men.
i was somewhat familiar with batman, spider-man, and superman, but i really didn’t know of any female superheroes (aside from wonder woman, who frankly seemed pretty lame to me as a kid) at that time.
i bought the magazine, and for months, it was an obsession for me.
i read it over and over again.
i started buying comic books, drawing characters, reading the stories out loud in the voices i imagined each character to have, dreaming up new powers and imagining new worlds.
what i loved about the marvel universe was that there was room for everybody: men, women, people of different races, nationalities, ages, abilities, and backgrounds.
it made me feel like comic books were something that everyone could enjoy.
i shared my love for comic books with my brother.
although he struggled in school and teachers couldn’t get him to focus, he would pay attention when i read the uncanny x-men to him, and when he finally learned to read, it was because of comic books.
thanks to stan lee for showing us that anyone can be a hero.
stan lee was a cool guy.
he used to come to my elemenrary school every year during the booknfair and i still have no clue why my midwest school was so special but i know kindergarten til 6th grade he came for 1 day.
and i met him every time.
he taught me through his stories/characters to be me.
to not worry what anyone thinks about me.
stan lee taught me that being yourself is better then being no one, that being yourself is what makes a hero a hero.
i never met him but i lost a father today.
stan deserves a funeral procession down the entire length of madison ave.
, ny, ny, lying in honor in the back of thor’s chariot, escorted by spider-man and all of his characters.
for his singular impact on global culture, the entire city should shut down.
he made my imagination soar.
i roamed the galaxy with the silver surfer, challenged the gods with thor, explored the seas with namor and felt the loneliness and isolation of the hulk.
my dad, who's past sixty now, grew up reading stan's comics, and i grew up like many children with a spiderman obsession.
i remember pretending to be sick so i could stay home and watch my animated spiderman vhs that i got for christmas.
i'd watched it a thousand times but it was still so worth it to put my head against the radiator to simulate a fever just to vicariously experience that feeling of heroism and fantasy.
and i'd cough whenever my mum came in to check on me, ha.
it's just incredible the sheer quantity of dreams which passed from this man's imagination into the hearts and lives of children and their parents and their grandparents.
in a very cynical age his creations continue to inspire and capture the greatest parts of the imagination.
i can't count how many times i have laid in bed at night and pictured myself alongside his characters.
what a magnificent legacy.
it made me sick how much karma grinding was going on over the legends dead body.
i know i'm late to it but stan lee will always be in my heart god damn it.
i grew up on his movies.
reading his comics.
i hope he’s having fun up there with his creations.
rest in piece to a truly great man.
i’ve always liked stan lee’s name.
it sounds like stanley, but isn’t it.
a nice thing i like to think about is if his name is actually stanley lee, and he just calls himself stan for short.
whether or not his name is actually stan or stanley, he will be missed.
if it wasn’t for his comics, i never would ha e picked up a pencil, found art, fallen in love with drawing , gone to art school, which led me to photography which led me to starting my own business.
he also introduced hard concepts to my young adult self, taught me the love of reading and imagination.
his comics changed my life.
you die twice, once when your heart stops and the second when someone says your name for the last time.
stan lee will never die and will always be a beacon for what it means to be a real life super hero.
this is so surreal.
some people you simply can’t imagine dying.
i'm by no means a big comicbook fan, but i've always loved the character of spider-man, and the shows and movies he's been in.
i know that lee can't read this, but i want him to know that his wonderful writing and beautiful imagination struck a chord with me, and still does.
i didn't "meet" him personally, but i was front and center at an intimate event in which he and kevin smith had a conversation about .
stan lee had so much charisma it was astounding.
like, presidential level charisma.
we're one day away from endgame and the last stan lee cameo.
i will cherish it.
thank you mister lee for all those superheroes that still and always will have a huge part in our lives.
according to my footlocker full of old marvel comics that i refuse to throw away (despite my girlfriend's protests), stan lee was the fucking man.
his artistic/business prowess in life ensures he'll continue to touch many young people's lives for years to come.
my first sd comicon, i ran into him kinda.
he was being escorted outdoors, along the main glass hallway where all the talks were happening.
it was so hot, and he was wearing his signature yellow sweater vest and keeping pace with his assistants.
i couldn't believe my eyes.
i was just hanging outside, and there he was, steady as he goes.
i yelled at him the only thing i could, " i love you stan!
i didn't expect him to hear me since there was a good amount of distance between us and he was hurrying to his panel (the amazing stan lee).
but no, with double barrel fingers towards me, not missing a beat, that firm, unmistakable stan voice we all have grown accustomed to all these years, i hear, "love you too!
many years later me and three friends go for a group photo.
there was a kid before us, and stan made sure to take time with the young boy and not let the photographs rush thier moment.
once our photo was taken.
i noticed how smaller he was now, not weak, but small like my own grandma.
instead of thanking him, i just told him i loved him.
he didn't hear me but it didn't matter.
out of all the stories and heros and villans he gave us, stan was the truest hero and champion of our hearts and imaginations.
stan was the man.
he never let us down, and in his memory i/we should try to be like stan.
ever moving, bending, steadfast, and fighting for the future for ourselves and others in ways that we can.
ffs, earlier today i was on that thread of "who are you suprised is still alive?
" and numerous people mentioned stan.
i lived for saturday morning x-men in the early 90’s.
thank you stan for whatever you had to do with that.
the most heartbreaking part of avengers 4 will be the part where they show the words "rip stan lee" at the end of the movie.
i am not an expert in any way, shape or form when it comes to comics, etc.
my boyfriend told me that stan lee makes cameos in the movies and i remember the first time i recognized him!
