 this is how the gahmen works .
 she working in gahmen ?
 their gahmen must have printed money like there &apos;s no tomorrow .
 i am getting that oso .
 now outside oso crowded .
 yesterday moi jiak italian restaurant .
 walan i oni got money jiak saizeriya .
 well done best way to jiak steak .
 heng my nature walk here not much people almost no one very relaxing and can enjoy the walk .
 heng moi not planning to have children .
 very heng my kids all girls .
 chiu is trying to be cute or funny ?
 cos chiu question is cui .
 i see i can afford anot .
 if throw merlion in water ,  will drown anot ?
 he kena scolded .
 dont listen to me ,  later chiu will kena .
 he tio cancer .
 sad sia ,  so young tio cancer .
 isn’t it clear to sinkies oredi .
 by the way got sinkie acting in the show !
 too big and distracting isit ?
 isit cos lower wages ?
 is jin fast leh .
 queueing in the great outdoors is jin xiasuay .
 any girl wanna date moi ?
 looks good to moi .
 wa sibei bloody violent wor .
 chiu know how sibei wasteful saf is .
 this one is indeed sibei ugly .
 is it the chio xmm ?
 tiagong xmm love to hug it .
 how i know who is the chio xmm that chiu wanted to jio .
 but why his cheena oso so cui .
 how could chiu go clubbing and bojio me ?
 chiu really type in chim engrish .
 why use such chim words when he himself oso dont seem confident in saying it .
 no marriage cert oso cannot lock him down .
 siao the cert so ex .
 i just got arrowed to do this task again .
 wa this henry damn guailan ,  everything oso tell me cannot .
 stop stealing my food ,  later i dulan ah !
 see liao damn dulan sia .
 cannot suka suka walk in i think .
 the lanjiao may end up giving the noob the wrong info to sabo him .
 why do these lao zhabor want or need to get married if they dont want kids ?
 i remind them until buay tahan oredi .
 very mafan but that seems to be the oni way i see it .
 sekali he &apos;s actually up there go command school type .
 pap dont want malu so start hiding case count and pray kumgong tourists will come in .
 this time he confirm die oredi .
 dont suan me la . i know chiu confirm score higher than me one .
 this plate of chicken rice damn shiok .
 i lost an arm-wrestling challenge to a girl ,  damn lao kui .
 your computer got virus or not ?
 yesterday ,  marina bay sands got so many people one !
 this bus got air-con anot ?
 he play football oso very good one leh .
 cannot anyhow go liddat one leh .
 when he was in school ,  he always get good good marks one .
 i do everything by habit one .
 dont worry ,  he can one la .
 got full marks for math now come haolian la !
 my workplace really like rojak . got people from alot of countries .
 still got siaolang watch mediacorp ?
 korean gahment got invest in pfizer boh ?
 how come liddat one ?
 how come today chiu never hand in homework ?
 they never study ,  isit ?
 dont listen ,  later chiu kena punish then chiu know .
 i go home liao then call chiu .
 chiu never give me what !
 i never punch him what !
 the food there not bad what ,  can try la .
 i like this one oso .
 i try so hard oso cannot do .
 this saturday we go to the beach ,  on ?
 who more powerful ?
 thread starter chiu very rich .
 chiu got wife anot ?
 no problem ,  got money can do wonders here .
 no offense ,  but looks like shit .
 they good in bed can oredi .
 still dont own house .
 she sure horny .
 your cousin still alive ?
 at least one got true power .
 he drive what ?
 darth vader good or bad ?
 just saw the trailer like not bad .
 wow im impressed ,  looks good wor .
 eh ,  need to find the carpet ?
 of course no one talk about it la .
 so simple stay with chiu in the same room lor !
 so not use to it siah .
 now oredi move onto covid passport liao .
 anyways renting a room in 40s is a minor red flag bah .
 wa looks good leh .
 can post on social media and haolian mah .
 chiu forgot that active lifestyle is the current trend meh ?