dont act blur, i know you took my stuff .
how much salt to use for this dish ? just agar-agar!
aiyo, why is this bus taking so long to arrive ?
alamak! tickets for the concert are all sold out!
i just got arrowed to do this task again .
she &apos;s so bo chap at work - only does the bare minimum .
how could you go clubbing and bojio me ?
you &apos;re so boliao, wasting your time doing things your boss didnt even ask for!
dinner at 7pm ? can anot ?
can you explain the concept again, just now i catch no ball .
this exam question is so chim .
you better chiong finish this project before the deadline tomorrow .
can you chope a seat for me ?
this design really cmi, even my toddler can draw it .
im not kidding, this place has the best laksa . die die must try .
dont eye power leh, come help us move the furniture .
oh, its raining again today ? the weather &apos;s been so jialat recently .
its my problem, no need for you to be kaypoh .
i have no plans this weekend, just gonna lepak at home .
im looking for new kitchen appliances . you got lobang ?
for this project, do it own time own target .
paiseh, can you lend me some cash ?
he pang seh us to go on a date with his girlfriend again .
do you want to ponteng work tomorrow ?
you sabo your friend just to win the competition . 
im feeling so shag after that 10km run .
this plate of chicken rice damn shiok .
siao, how did you manage to eat five burgers in one go ?
he &apos;s so annoying, i buay tahan his attitude .
im going to dabao lunch from the hawker centre .
the meal we had at that fine dining restaurant was so atas .
this country weather very hot one .
that joker there cannot trust .
tomorrow dunnid bring camera .
he play football oso very good one leh .
walan, i want to eat chicken rice .
i go bus-stop wait for you .
no good la .
cannot anyhow go liddat one leh .
how come never show up ?
i like badminton, that &apos;s why i every weekend go play .
he sick, so he stay home sleep lor .
he can play piano .
i like to read storybook .
your computer got virus anot ?
this one ten cent only .
i damn naughty .
this house very nice .
i still finding .
how come you so late still playing music, ah ?
you looking for trouble, is it ?
that one his wife la .
this boy the class monitor .
his house in toa payoh .
he talk so long, never stop, i ask him oso never .
when i young ah, i go school every day .
when he was in school, he always get good good marks one .
last time i mug so much, so sian oredi .
aiyah, cannot wait any more, must go already . 
yesterday, they go there oredi .
ah song kenasai already, then how ?
he throw liao .
i eat liao .
this new game, you play liao anot ?
i do want .
this one can do la .
how come today you never hand in homework ?
how come he never pay just now ?
you want this book anot ?
can anot ?
they never study, is it ?
you dont like that, is it ?
alamak, you guys never read newspaper is it ?
you go think think a little bit, maybe then you get answer .
so what i do was, i sit down and i think think, until i get answer lor .
want to go orchard walk walk see see anot ?
dont anyhow touch here touch there leh .
my boy-boy is going to primary one oredi .
we two friend-friend one .
you go take the big-big one .
he kena scold .
he kena scolded .
dont listen, later you kena punish then you know .
better do your homework, otherwise you kena .
dont listen to me, later you kena .
dont listen to me, later you will kena .
he tio cancer .
he tio jackpot .
tio fined lor, what to do ?
kena fined lor, what to do ?
sad sia, so young tio cancer .
walan! so stupid one!
i do everything by habit one .
he never go school one .
is liddat one .
never do homework then kena scold lor .
i damn tired then langgar the car lor .
i late then take taxi, otherwise dont take .
i go home liao then call you .
later then say .
you then stupid la .
you then late lor .
you want to see justin bieber then go la!
drink la!
i dont have la!
dunno oredi la!
dont worry, he can one la .
dont tell me he punch her ah ?
but he very good at mathematics what .
you never give me what!
i never punch him what!
the good there not bad what, can try la .
this one oso can work one mah!
he oso know about it mah!
if you dont do the work, then you die liao lor!
kay lor, you go and do what you want .
dont have work to do, then go home lor .
give me leh .
how come you dont give me leh ?
the ticket seriously ex leh .
but i believe safe better than sorry leh .
why you never give up your seat leh ?
you call her walk there, very far leh .
then hor, another person came out of the house .
this shopping center very nice hor ?
oh yah hor!
liddat can hor ?
this boy ah, always so rude one! 
how come like dat one ah ?
you going again ar ?
har ? he really ponned class yesterday ar!
har ? how come he tio caning ?
they never study meh ?
you dont liddat one meh ?
really meh ?
he damn zai sia .
wa, heng sia .
you siao ah ?
i not so old lah, i 18 nia .
ah boy, dont run here run there, wait you fall down then you know ah .
got question ?
yesterday, marina bay sands got so many people one!
this bus got air-con anot ?
where got ?
give me can ?
can!
cannot .
he so stupid liddat .
he acting like a one-year-old baby liddat .
why he acting like that ? 
i like this one oso .
i try so hard oso cannot do .
you know where is he anot ?
he ownself go party yesterday for what ?
you eat yourself, we eat ourself, can ?
just now go and play game, character dieded siah!
abuden, if not at woodlands arh ?
dont act blur, where did you hide my phone ?
aiya, computer kena virus again .
my dream is to eat an a5 wagyu steak at an atas restaurant with joseph .
this guy is a blur sotong .
he bo chup one .
wow, you guys bojio .
that girl at 9 o &apos;clock buay pai sia!
this friday i buay sai, need to study for finals .
wa the weather so hot really buay tahan!
that cb kia come and annoy me again .
this kelly is a chao mugger .
dont talk until so chim leh .
i wish that chiobu is my girlfriend sia .
faster chiong to the canteen, if not later long queue .
eh chop chop finish your work so we can go home early .
this friday i cmi, got a wedding to attend .
help me dabao, i am very lazy today .
diam la!
this time he confirm die oredi .
dont play play hor!
stop stealing my food, later i dulan ah!
he geh geh one la . one look you know he is lying oredi .
remember to check safety when you gostan!
wa this henry damn guailan, everything oso tell me cannot .
got full marks for math now come haolian la!
heck it la! im just going to confess to sarah after our date tonight .
dont humji la! want to fight then come la!
this henry damn kaypoh, keep asking what i do with my girlfriend .
jerry kena scolded by teacher for failing his test .
wa parents nowadays so kiasu . their children five years old start going for tuition oredi .
ah boy, want go lim kopi with ah gong tomorrow morning ?
lan lan suck thumb lor .
dunno anything ask timothy, he is a lao jiao .
i lost an arm-wrestling challenge to a girl, damn lao kui .
eh last warning hor! dont disturb me . i want to study .
my friends and i like to lepak at jem after school .
dont liddat la . we go drink beer cheer up ok ?
got any lobang to earn money ?
her eye bag so big macam some panda .
what you want to makan for dinner ?
wa just now our performance damn malu sia!
you dont want to help me nehmind, i can just ask someone else .
he every month earn $3000 nia . how to buy a car ?
huh ? no link leh .
this saturday we go to the beach, on ?
orbigood la! tell you so many times oredi dont want to listen .
this ms lim damn guailan sia . no wonder so old oredi not married .
just now i fall down walking on flat ground, damn paiseh sia .
paiseh, just now bathing cant reply your message .
this alex pang seh us again . go out with his girlfriend then dont want go out with us .
this month keep eating good food, pokkai liao .
i going to pon school today .
my workplace really like rojak . got people from a lot of countries .
eh later dont sabo ah . we just keep quiet can oredi .
eh later we take cab can ? sekali that mrt breakdown again how ?
sia la! his father just bought him a lamborghini for his 21st birthday!
siam lah, stop blocking the way .
sian, tomorrow need to work again .
today got barcelona vs real madrid match! sibei excited .
simi sai, he passed his driving in less than two months .
simi lanjiao! the clothes i bought 2 days ago now got discount!
dont suan me la . i know you confirm score higher than me one .
wa damn suay . kena bird shit on my head .
i prepare everything swee swee for you already . dont screw it up hor!
me and xaver like to talk cock .
tolong la . i will pay you back the money in 3 days .
wa tyco sia! posted as a clerk at hq .
this restaurant damn ulu but the food is good!
this guy damn yaya papaya . everyday drive different car come to work .
wa he damn zai, read one time can memorise everything oredi .
they say government is giving money again, zhun bo ?
got drinks, got fries, got meat got vegetables got carbohydrates .
if order large quantity maybe can get cheaper too .
why they want to eat dog meat ?
you are the reason why sinkieland no creativity .
that &apos;s not a creative script lor .
still got siaolang watch mediacorp ?
sinkies really kiasu ah .
who more powerful ?
no need fight oso .
confirm godzilla run faster than ippt gold runner .
if throw merlion in water, will drown anot ?
why is our national icon a fictitious creature ah ?
any girl wanna date moi ?
see this guy complain his local hospital coverup his son death .
i thought they reduce the protein standard, hence melamine dunnid to be added liao ?
but without enough protein, still can consider milk anot ?
thread starter siao oredi ah ?
test is only way to know you are free from covid mah .
now can go and buy the test kit and you can test yourself everyday if you want .
cheena got do anal swab .
your nose tio poke till song ?
thread starter must be everyday poke until song song gao jurong .
didnt know got people who enjoy swab test one .
swab oredi wait for results is at least half an hour ?
just now go guardian buy my nicotine gums then saw testing kit 15 dollar only siol .
they can hug hug hand hands with girls oso dont mind .
you male or female ?
at least korean government got balls to admit .
vaccinated oso can kena covid and spread the virus .
got full service ?
korean government got invest in pfizer boh ?
heng i use brave browser .
heng moi use microsoft edge  .
dirty sites means what .
since you paisay say you .
now can use to read the online citizen oso .
maybe is recently break up, male colleagues all marry oredi so she cannot date them etc mah .
1st date chit chat la .
then try to find activities fill the time loh .
dont listen to your kukujiao .
sure got guys chasing leh .
mai umbrage liao, jitao cheong .
anyway no pic no talk .
means her ex-husband(s) chose to divorce her lor .
dunno what they put inside the dough it is very fragrant sia!
then you bite into it, wa, the fragrance is power!
macam like got some spice or something .
thread starter you very rich .
you got wife anot ?
looks nice to jiak .
ya, correct mah .
can use coins mah .
egg one pay a bit more .
you all never see meh, it was on shopee .
looks good to moi .
is buay pai .
my first time eating springleaf, didnt know so good sia . 
cannot everyday eat this tolong .
no problem, got money can do wonders here .
keep on appeal appeal and appeal, sure can push all the blame to taxi driver and deceased, and then walk free and clean one .
dont appeal then is stupid .
hang the killer la .
you approach area with many old people auto will slow down, when you approach big junction should oso slow down .
is it the chio xmm ?
the killer is the taxi driver leh .
just suck thumb la .
no need to read nonsensical thread from some kumgong .
cos alot of tracetogether token now out of battery .
safe entry haven &apos;t phase out ?
what more you want ?
or kowtow huh ?
can ditch old distractions liao .
the battery can only tahan 3 to 6 months .
if push too much later will have backlash and headache again .
anytime oso ky .
only if its girl i no mind .
if guy i &apos;ll cut his kukubird .
lao jiao spotted .
never touched till him, liddat oso want kpkb ?
stand too near his table got crime ah ?
not like i knock tio him or was in any way affecting him .
saying that im a humji kia and have a small dick .
got any problem not ?
the prata ok but the curry the colour and taste buay gum .
no wor, everything tasted very good sia .
how come so cheap ?
piak first talk later .
i dunno if i can tahan the 2nd shot anot .
skinny really cannot .
the condominium quite cozy .
isn’t it clear to sinkies oredi .
tiagong ok .
good question, its sinkies graveyard .
wa sei, so accurate .
macam those buildings being demolished using dynamites .
battery dead, go and change la .
they will give you the advanced version blah .
now more important to brainwash vaccines else they expire, more lugi .
jialat every 4 to 6 months need to change battery .
many took oredi never bring out keep at home .
oredi cannot make it .
kena embarrassed big big liao still keep on talk about it meh .
wa sibei bloody violent wor .
by the way got sinkie acting in the show!
major character somemore!
sinkie act as shang tsung sia .
aiyah the bluebird jokes oredi started .
no appetite liao .
come in this type of box confirm expensive . 
i thought more like bmt time ?
prison food got such variety meh .
moi time during national service, we use stainless tray to eat .
just felt weird with 2 kukujiao around .
go where to find ?
let me piak your wife/girlfriend first .
kill people no jail term ?
so this driver appeal is really kumgong .
there is a child in everyone la .
gone liao la gone .
some of my actions still childish leh .
wa piang, you think too far liao lah .  
ask her ai sio gan mai .
remember to gpgt wor .
her husband billionaire can le .
she looks ok for a 46 year old ah .
macam you guys are vampires wont grow old .
now oredi move onto covid passport liao .
no use tracetogether not happy .
use tracetogether oso not happy
im asking only .
do for sake of doing .
waste time only .
freaking accurate sia .
to make israel look bad lor .
this cb kia deserves more punishment .
different people leh .
why you liddat .
haiz my dream totally destroyed today thanks to you .
become nata de coco liao .
just got make-up cover up .
the little bit of the house that  we can see in the video so far is, meh .
so chio rich pretty and high ses .
there like no cai png stall one .  
this one must be careful .
you mean she call another guy come ?
typical sinkie man .
you put imh in yishun, later the staff oso become siao siao .
imh is a nice place for short walk and la kopi .
its not that siaolang all at yishun .
is stay in yishun make you siaolang .
siaolang from yishun travel to imh, when leave yishun area their mental illness will ownself recover one .
yishun oredi got imh branch .
simi trace with bluetooth .
so not use to it siah .
its a bit weird still .
anyways renting a room in 40s is a minor red flag bah .
still dont own house .
so simple stay with you in the same room lor!
satisfy each other &apos;s desire mah!
malaysian single can own house meh ?
40 yo is not girl liao .
she sure horny .
in my opinion, pick someone with better income or younger bah .
but most importantly you happy can le .
left side is sinkie .
your cousin still alive ?
i see i can afford anot .
jin satki man .
eat too full liao .
tiagong taiwan got one case .
mai tu liao faster go all in!
i still haven’t collected mine sia .
most using it liao .
of course no one talk about it la .
power leh still can post on social media to gpgt the atas free michelin meal and branded thing they get .
you think single buy condominium easy ?
careful those have to say they ownself petite one .
no recent pic no meet .
later meet in real life cua tio .
drags to toilets and piaks . 
is jin fast leh .
when young time pass slow .
worst is no money . 
at last show why jax got bionic arms .
wa looks good leh .
their exhaust is sibei loud .
but hor, car still very very slow .
me see is really rofl .
arbo who will look at them ?
got pic or video ?
at least one got true power .
charles yeo drive what ?
he happy can liao .
eh, need to find the carpet ?
now carpet still very big .
opposition better be careful don’t get self pawn .
what are all these stupid idiots doing there ah ?
after that, kpkb government .
queueing in the great outdoors is jin xiasuay .
can post on social media and haolian you "active lifestyle" mah .
you forgot "active lifestyle" is the current trend meh ?
heng my nature walk here not much people almost no one very relaxing and can enjoy the walk .
the air is very fresh and cooling like aircon .    
alot of girl inside the photo .
kpkp about everything .
darth vader good or bad ?
so on and so forth lor .
you talking about which black .
get over here la .
white cool looking angmo saving the day not in liao these days .
still prefer the chinese liu kang those bad guys more satki .
scorpion look the most satki .
looks like casting not bad sia .
the new one oso chinese what, he black ranger somemore .
shang tsung look like shit .
this guy is japanese leh .
left side is sinkie .
he &apos;s the sinkie actor with the most hollywood appearances .
just saw the trailer like not bad .
wow im impressed, looks good wor .
got zhabor to mate oredi very good, still need care pure anot meh .
finding a local girlfriend is oredi tough enough for sinkies according to edmw .
dont worry, after 6 months if they dont booster they will be unvaccinated .
this world is in a mess liao .
liddat blood bank need to change their labelling system liao .
unvaccinated cannot dine-in, cannot watch movie, cannot go shopping, no chance to paktor will remain bbfa forever .
so oyk is which one ?
last year he said schools low risk of transmission will not close .
every department oso got problems one lah, just that some problems receive higher media publicity or scrutiny .
ministry of transport is a suey job .
whoever go in, suey for years .
waste of money for what .
no money still want buy new toys .
typical sinkies &apos; behaviour .
later going to jiak mookata .
lmao at simple minded sinkies .
sinkies are trapped in the rat race and kena pwned by pap oso dunno .
meanwhile, angmo will talk about culture, sports, music, fine arts, food, travelling .
knn, dont say angmo .
even south east asian people like thai & vietnamese oso have more interesting topics to talk about like vietnam war ah, local culture & heritage, history , food .
even honkies talk politics, culture and hiking/camping etc .
why nobody worried that he is even driving in the first place .
she think hire lawyer is free mah .
maybe queenstown there got sell cars oso .
sure buy one, but good to be thrifty la, buy car is depreciating asset .
see who guanxi weakest .
at the rate he is going he will kena fixed that &apos;s an assurance .
usa only has 13 percent black .
wa lucky he fat .
not so much hated, more like people jelly .
not ccp supporter hor .
you happy jiu hao lor .
which sinkie bu can cook ?
they good in bed can liao .
sinkies only know how to make salad .
waiting for 9k leh .
still waiting for moi 23k .
business owners song song gao jurong .
unemployed no have la this time round .
will have mortal kombat crossover soon ?
yeah eggs a little watery but that &apos;s the way moi like it .
how can chiu jiak oatmeal ?
moi dont really like it .
no carbs how you get muscle ?
you body builder ?
looks not bad .
no offense, but looks like shit .
anyway i dont believe until shit happens to me .
knn i anyhow hantam oso 50% correct .
does it mean there will be no chance of reverting back to normalcy liao ?
so their plan to open legs big big after fully vaccinated cannot realize liao ?
one say this, one say that, who to listen sia .
so no point to take la .
now having aches until no mood to work .
you how many kgs ?
i &apos;ll only date unvaccinated .
so the summary is based on skepticism chiu decide not to vaccinate yourself, and chiu are trying to give me a lesson on intelligence and deceit .
dont liddat la bro .
nowadays can still overuse ?
data is like so cheap ?
charge so high for mobile plan still lost profits ?
in other words, you die your problem ?
can explain this lanjiao logic ?
lost trust in them many times over .
whatever they say or do, always have agenda .
most prefer their own cars i gather .
this siao lang can get merc ?
did he ever win any case before ?
your moronic post tell us you have low iq eh ?
so you mean lawyers should do cases for free ah ?
really retard to max .
then again, all same same .
what happening sia .
tiagong xmm love to hug it .
who this siao lang ?
he &apos;s getting bonus next month le .
f35 can deliver tact nukes oso mah .
dont anyhow say .
dr ng going to buy new toys this year ?
time to buy nukes from usa and see cheena want to play punk anot .
all the old toys bought a few years ago .
need to replace and maintain la .
time to buy toys from cheaper alternative like russia/china .
you got more rich liao you still want to use the same old broken lock to safeguard your wealth ?
weapon suppliers kp sinkieland no give them business .
they oredi spend more than enough .
sinkieland cannot use old toy to welcome them .
if we attempt to develop nukes, first bugger to whack us is probably us .
i believe the original actor is too old and out of shape to play shang tsung now, if not they sure ask him .
no have the catchy ost like last time leh .
liu kang still the main character ?
looks sick man .
as long as that cb kia michael bay is not involved, still watchable .
as long as heathy for moi and let me hit my macros .
anyway technically speaking you dunnid carbs to build muscle .
what is this shiat that you are eating ?
you trying to lose weight ?
you body your call .
got time to enjoy before treatment .
you people still go out shop shop .
my uncle advise is to test and catch more people which chiu know is not vaccinated .
some more alot not vaccinated not cos they dont want but is cos their age so cant get it done yet .
super spreader spotted liao .
another expert open mouth liao .
take your jab asap, if not we approve sinovac!
then might as well dont do safe distancing measures lor!
dont restrict gathering limits lor!
since now he say take anot take oso no diff .
is it so hard to believe that an unvaccinated can disagree with another unvaccinated ?
no matter the vaccination status, please make more babies, sinkieland needs it .
so you may have to wait long long .
past two weeks how many people died ?
he really super duper famous in sinkieland and rest of world .
shiok leh, clients withdraw voluntarily, so no need refund .
dont be surprised if next month kena charged for cbt .
moi just watch it yesterday at ps .
but moi still prefer the 1995 shang tsung .
jin satki men!
debate with who ?
sinkies dont vote oppo in give pap supermajority .
waste money when our neighbour is not upgrading their damn military .
huat big big for saf .
this year huat gao gao ?
wa, why are they wasting so much money when our country keep raising tax ?
waste money only .
its never gotten this bad in sinkieland .
without ac impossible to sleep .
wait month end utility bill come then you feel the pain .
today very hot meh ?
you experienced dubai before ?
but they got winter .
quite cold but shiok .
my room never had an air con .
now not all macs 24 hours .
no egg buky for me .
by the way so dry how to swallow huh ?
the meat look nice leh .
after jiak 2 months sure sian and will go back to delicious hawker food liao .
but how chiu make .
i oso jiak similar .
not to everyone &apos;s taste though i gotta admit .
the rest dunno liao .
song bo sinkies ?
think many bbfa are happy to siam chinese new year .
got legit reason to siam .
india got more satki lawyers than in sinkieland .
cannot sue cos ceca .
if no sue means humji .
you sue them they oso wont entertain you .
wait, sinkieland more malu to have this kind of defamation law .
i go there very often leh .
but heng never go at the same time as the cases . 
dont start cluster hai see lang .
ok then i dont go test liao .
ownself buy kit test oso scared ?
chao sinkies fault .
just remove the hoop la, that &apos;s what they did to the one near my house .
just use a sheet of metal to block the basket can liao .
if not more than 2 pax playing is ok what .
i believe the experts so must vaccinate lor .
this one i think we know oredi .
no need a doctor or minister to say .
else is fake news hor .
no scared oso die .
sinkies just need to wear mask, wash hand and social distance for the rest of your lives .
pay all the jiak liao bee paper generals and their toys .
if fight war is how much ?
looks good on paper nia .
i feel so lucky that she didnt notice my superman underwear, i sure tio toto tomorrow liao .
i never buy before .
how much to buy ?
toto this week is tomorrow wa .
its not a secret lah, its that normally we go buy tickets, mostly wont tio .
where the fun in that ?
your computer can flirt with you ?
i wonder how many trials before you win sia ?
i think most unpleasant for me is a buibui lao uncle keep squeezing and squirming beside me when the bus is super packed from town .
old uncle take out shoes and kiao ka airing feet .
orh pi sai and stick to the window .
if siaolang can drive, when i see his car, i better siam far far .
its good business to be the preferred lawyer of choice for siao langs in sinkieland .
once you get used to it, not complicated liao .
you worry about his road hogging, i worry if he becomes siaolang and drives against traffic or stop in the middle of the road .
you now high ses or low ses ?
tldr: reduce travelling time as much as possible .
nowadays youngsters really strawberries, scared of a bit of rain ?
the site broke down liao .
heng i naked sleep on the marble floor .
50 bucks can buy 12 to 15 plates of cai png . 
then gen y is what ?
have evidence is due to vaccine ?
put baby powder, see if still can stick anot .
rub baby powder see can magnet boh .
means she got real vaccine ?
so low cannot hop over meh ?
must be someone complain right
i think last time secondary school got oredi .
the metal itself cost how much liao, not to mention the cost for the welding work needed .
i realise nowadays new flats like no have basketball and soccer ball courts .
just remove the rim can liao .
these people got brain or not
you know how sibei wasteful saf is .
the store inside got alot ancient stuff left one corner .
hoto until all horlan .
that why keep spending .
cut the defence budget by 1/3 la!
3 billion a lot of money sia .
from vivian mouth i believe cause he really is a professional doctor .
they should be paid normal wage only .
visitors la ji with supermarket aunty .
bukit merah all the oldies oredi pak pfizer in march, still tio like nobody business ?
why they are not link ?
always see people not wearing mask properly one .
this time sure spread liao
never close means can go .
jit bai sibei jialat .
left oredi forgot to check out .
i laji with the cute daughter ?
tiagong the 44 year old guy that passed on works there .
if i elite scholar, you think i care bukit merah ?
more important to grow gdp la .
moi needed to take boat to school .
acquired taste i would say .
last time i put condense milk even worse .
no point jiak 100% clean just for 1 week and give up right ?
hdb still have la .
so die oredi ?
got cloth very good liao lor .
can be worse than this hor .
got difference meh ?
malaysia people standard is liddat one .
my side just now drizzle 2 minutes then stopped .
drizzle and a bit of wind only .
bedok having big wind, hope rain arrive soon
tonight can save my $1 on ac liao .
you jelly cos you want to stand in my spot but you can &apos;t . 
orh pi sai anyhow stick .
the stupid excessively loud squeaky earphone noises coming from those yp, disrupting the otherwise peaceful ride .
those people air their feet knn, feel like kicking their slippers far far away .
long time never take bus oredi .
my mum said one .
not cold la but cool .
moi increase is around $20+ cos april on more ac .
feels hot liao .
hope tomorrow rain whole day .
don’t attack me liddat ley .
armpit jin sweaty .
moi go walk/jog after put kids to bed .
you want to smell ?
moi thermometer shows 30°c in room without aircon .
moi aircon put dry mode till 27°c quite comfortable .
jiak liao bee useless piece of trash come out scared people only .
they say no risk means no risk .
if you die after vaccinate or got side symptoms, it’s never the vaccine issue!
you cant blame them cos they just say, encourage you to take but never force you .
government never forced you to take!
so before i got jabbed, i checked and he oredi said can lim jiu after jab .
moh say cannot .
no symptoms or problems at all for moi .
no choice but to trust garment liao .
i want to have power like quicksilver .
then no need take bus mrt oredi .
run oso will sweat and become smelly .
sekali this is the new variant .  
alot of boliao people .
up a bit can see armpit liao .
who is magento ah ?
those vintage cars oso jin unique .
ya she has to stop damaging the image .
somemore stay condominium now .
wow he can sleep well at night meh ?
walan, really another side of him that i see now  .
i thought covid over .
it is still pandemic, a lot of sinkies are earning lesser and pap still wants to spend $16b for usa .
actually spam and luncheon meat got what difference ah ?
same same but different  .
is jin ho jiak .
sinkieland one not bad oso .
remember this and do the needful when the time comes else we are all kumgong kias!
woah so racist leh!
clean like this may as well dont clean lor .
nothing new from bolehland .
very common lepak/lazy attitude .
aiya on both sides of the causeways, the politicians oso dont take public transport one .
i wouldn’t jump to such a conclusion so fast .
aiya naysayers alot la .
an la an la, you very strong la, all of us jin weak, a bit of wind we can fly oredi .
you diam diam go to sleep la .
the sky very dark again .
no sun, no rain, jin windy .
for a short while nia .
no rain oso they carry umbrella .
your time mata still wearing shorts and hdb only 30k isit ?
today wind direction different .
can recommend which car to drive ?
most jialat is i open the window and lao auntie behind complain the wind is making her hair messy .
uncle take out shoe and use fingers to rub his toes .
i ever kena the driver close the back door while people are still waiting to alight from upper deck .
sinkies look down on me cos moi take bus .
moi buy kuay teow got the smell auntie buay song .
uncle molest moi butt .
that &apos;s moi list .
bus can open window ?
i think i haven &apos;t take bus for more than 35 years .
cannot tahan people watching vids without earphones .
simisai oso stick .
i wanna be a mutant too!
phase 3 soon liao .
going down liao!
by end of august think can declare victory liao .
sinkies all letting hair down since friday announcement .
covid tio defeated once again!
if many group of 2 playing at the same time ok ?
same like jogging right ?
check isit grass root .
you jin naive, i like .
classic sinkie style, cos sinkie dont how to auto .
only when kena caught and fined then cry father mother .
just keep the ball la .
kids can climb over to play oso right ?
i oso slanging when angmo passengers board my taxi .
so that angmo can understand sinkie better ?
this is a skill, not everyone can do it de .
sinkie land workers use eye power agar-agar nia .
then ok mah, more straight .
too horny, cannot tahan .
next week chiong ktv .
i think covid will give us a chance to have a rest day bah .
national day tomorrow leh .
when open up and allow dine in, the numbers will chiong up again .
under control liao .
i let picture do the talking .
you want proof ?
really siaolang many .
this is why im waiting until at least 50% of the population here is fully vaccinated, bo dai ji then i go .
so be it, i am a siaolang according to my haters here .
it’s worse than flu leh .
made in taiwan lagi better and cheaper, need 20,000 pieces of these .
the article is one day old only leh .
police fire missile, sibei satki,
like when you wake up you dont feel shiok or slept deep enough ?
i remember after a marathon my sleep is really good but wake up everywhere pain .
i haven’t have more than 5 hrs of continuous sleep for dunno how many years liao .
sure wake up after 4 to 5 hours and try to sleep back .
long term wise will lead to dementia .
all the under $10 goodies oredi hoot liao .
moi enjoy watching people play games and tip them .
i more gian the rotk14 .
knn time to buy games that i &apos;ll never play .
cannot take it liao .
why the woman dont go to his room instead ?
there is a fine line between cheapo and down to earth .
cos many things sponsored leh .
leaving them with one backside of debts that they take their whole lives to repay lorl
everything sponsored of course lah
confirmed got people sponsor alot of things .
i want find a girlfriend like kim tae hee .
moh just hire more people to do contract tracing la .
all vacinnated still tio ?
i have this friend everyday tell me she go exercise or gym but still chubby .
doing this for 1 to 2 years le .
wasting their time only .
your friend really go gym or go there take selfie and beo xmm in yoga pants ?
gym finish reward ownself with 120% sugar bubble tea ?
most go gym to use toilet only .
but still bui bui .
seen many, so far the real successful slim down is really diet .
means wrong method lor .
toilet got install anot ?
then i can deter burglars without ownself spend money install cctv!
install at every front door kym ?
reduce dispute between neighbours oso .
isnt he the leading local sexpert on infectious disease .
what you want him to say leh .
he got mention in an interview .
cos people in full ppe oso can kena .
this is proof that sexperts are useless .
he will always appear on ch8 news one .
maybe tonight 630pm news can see him .
these day, macam is always the big team who will win fa cup or at least finish the runner up .
bloody waste of time and money for the clubs .
if always big 4 winning oso a bit sian .
they really go one big round .
of course dunnid spend much .
save money good la .
this year no have ?
you obviously never do crime before .
sinkieland all murders unsolved hor .
which murderer no brain one .
nowadays secondary kids look so mature alrdy .
you cannot cure kumgong .
ultimate low ses makan for today .
buy from food court dabao back eat .
so many, how to eat finish ?
where to buy this ?
trust me, no matter what films it is as long as from tiongkok more or less got some propoganda one .
some is jin nice .
noc is simi sai ?
want to generate more income just say lah, what more entertaining for the fans crap .
simi lanjiao cup is uefa conference league, another 3rd tier cup for uefa to make tv money ?
always exercise but cannot control diet so cannot lose weight .
see oredi kek sim .
i see a lot of girls go gym run treadmill only, main purpose should be go there to find rich boyfriend only .
after that secretly jiak potato chips and chocolate in her room .
diet very very important .
of course bu ky .
like this i everyday have to put on make up wear nice nice at home ?
his kukujiao itchy is it ?
can deport both of them anot ?
if they had, then should be ok i think .
dont stir sai ler .
later gahment come out other pattern more worse how ?
propaganda lai liao .
can finish one la .
now i oredi halfway liao .
looks jin ho jiak .
knn sold out liao .
i think your this meal costs more than mine .
maybe a bit more nia .
ya i oso got such friend .
not close but see her ig keep showing off her gym moments with her friends, then go makan a lot .
but im not buibui or anything   .
disclaimer: this is not a chiobu .
heng i took moderna liao .
next day ok liao .
heng simi, next will chu article say every few month need to replenish your jab .  
everyone so guai ?
which one nice to jiak ?
tiagong can cure any illness .
bo discount pay full price .
no rare gem le .
or people will think he gone liao .
pm never show face not happy, pm show face oso not happy .
used to be my dinner makan place .
not cheap sia, still use msg .
if those cheap tzechar use msg cannot complain .
wa you big eater man .
can treat moi jiak ?
taobao back eat slowly .
not hot not hojiak .
even kena at least wont icu .    
what they selling ?
go kfc eat chicken only ?
getting chubbier but every day workout .
oredi have what .
you got something to hide ?
when real, they will of course kpkb .
tiagong is pink only .
then what you eat sia ?
frappe very sweet leh .
what a pu bor .
confirm is sinkie .
couldn &apos;t believe its sinkieland until i saw that bus .
bo liao sia waste time .
leader bare minimum requirement must show face mah .
he needs to show that he still the one making decisions mah .
if not later really thought he handed over to lw liao .
steady, just go only .
got people triggered liao .
you dreaming is it .
but still got people visit each other house for social activities wor .
today is good day to go jb ?
the rest of the week i eat very chinchai one .
abang where got sinful ?
the vortex campaign is pretty interesting oso .
very worth the moola .
i assume no harm right ?
won’t happen one .
im a typical sinkie .
got free stuff, i just take first talk later .
really is tempt us to jiak bui bui .
minion potato ho jiak boh ?
when hot and cripsy is ho jiak cos inside is soft soft de .
taste like hash brown ah ?
really hard to slim down sia .
how much is one by the way ?
tiagong buay pai .
still expensive leh .
tiagong doom eternal is damn fast .
i oso haven &apos;t get .
ok reported mata liao .
next exit 500 miles away that’s why .
you &apos;re not a burger person ?
she threatened to tell her husband sibo .
this type death sentence sua .
very gian to hoot .
got difference leh .
some people everything oso kpkb .
how much the damage ?
save petrol oil la .
go wrong way very jialat .
wa really next level .
crazy, hope the siaolang gets exposed .
the driver suffer from brain damage sibo ?
to be frank, its like sinkies .
wa you all so supportive ah ?
but worry about the laosai next day .
which zhabor star will he be co staring with ?
this is really ultimate .
booster oso got expiry de ?
this is damn sneaky sia .
i only can say is they ask for it .
ts, you tested putting on liao ?
you forget or you dunno ?
ya test le l a bit tight fit for me .
i see many auntie hoot l too .
walk down see no people faster go take lor . 
those folks are sick af .
i think the physical abuse is worse leh .
no other choice liao .
rich sia you all .
buy to collect never play de .
want to save petrol oso not this way la .
heng moi wear wig .
rarely laosai oso after jiak chili .
what kinda girl you like ?
how come all pay the same price ?
not master bedroom pay more meh ?
why you expose people secret ?
he happy can liao .
going to jiak this till wednesday .
how to resist you tell me .
you buy which type one .
quality good ah  ?
so chinchai play first lor .
played for a short while i return liao .
play oredi want to vomit .
but dunno if i wanna buy again anot .
you really belong to my generation bo ?
wow seh so old liao .
ask him wait till you eat finish then talk .
just display lah
complain now no use .
by the time elections come sinkies all forget liao .
her ig has these oso .
i &apos;d love to slap on her butt checks until red .
the liquid is warm leh .
i oredi confessed .
please gib me chance .
heard its a zhabor driver .
a lot people are liddat .
they happy can oredi .
or maybe they just gay .
wa rent so much now ?
need to support rental market leh .
heng i haven’t taken booster jab .
they say you must jab means you must jab .
thought is 6 months nia .
wonder how much they going to charge sia ?
so we follow what ?
how many mcspicy have you hoot so far ?
jiak 4 yesterday for lunch and dinner .
i hooted many many 1 for 1 kfc banditos instead .
haven’t hoot yet .
ts bo laosai 4 times today ?
built by her construction friends huh ?
never cut ribbon ?
her past career nothing really impressive .
they older than your ah mah now you still fap .
crying no tears one .
she like damn imba kind .
one spike confirm break through all the defences one .
you so auntie ah, collect so early .
just show only loh .
i thought can ?
the person mind something wrong ?
so dangerous lor .
go exercise need to put make up arh ?
i oso suspect .
anyway, these people are really yao siu .
not just a burger nia .
jiak liao laosai .
100% laosai food for me leh .
i laosai a lot just now .
i don’t think i want to mcspicy for dinner liao .
eat too much soon pants will cannot buckle .
this is so jav siol .
but young people liddat one .
kumgong uni students .
tell you all oredi .
been wanting to hoot this for the longest of time .
winter sales i think .
now ps5 out liao .
only the left one is ky .
but still not bad la .
body is really jin nice .
in singapore, anyone anyhow can jab booster, high risk, low risk, no risk oso jab .
say phone no battery lor .
all talk so big but when actually tio will guai guai show the vaccination status .
hawker the tables all fixed to the floor one .
siao lang many many .
wow jin satki man .
he girlfriend his mother friend ?
sinkies too stress .
got smell one leh .
ok la go ahead .
many xdds oredi watching jav .
noah yap a bit look like gangster . 
really jin yaosiu .
wa, egyptian bu in sinkieland .
mcspicy still yummy .
jiaked 2 so far .
where got promo ?
equally ho jiak .
heng ah i just managed to order 1-for-1 mcspicy before outlet closed .
they dont want treat their parents as maids .
these sinkie men really throw face la .
want to act like angmo .
want to show women he big boy liao .
maybe they 28 oredi piak many girls liao ?
oso not say you .
maybe will ask mom how to piak girls .
maybe he piak the aunties liao leh ?
you got try beside h81 the stretch ?
now no more raw fish liao .
how we identify ?
condominium got undervalue now ?
you think people will hoot condominium or landed ?
you really drunk elephant .
just hoot no need wait . 
cheaper than steam in my opinion .
got what cheap game ah .
they got mentioned la, but in the fine print .
so we gonna die ?
got other choice ?
dont worry la!
release oredi meh ?
ya can collect le .
go counter buy .
you people should avoid too much angmo food .
give chinese food a chance la .
today got what coupon ?
i only saw ice cream one .
i redeem my sausuge egg mcmuffin liao .
next day will refresh again ?
most xdd primary school watch porn oredi .
forgot called what liao .
you jelly i get paid more than you to zuobolan ?
no need jelly i sure earn more than you .
piak piak confirm must close light .
her real face like this ?
heng handphone never drop into toilet bowl .
sinkieland alot of siao langs .
so what sinkieland court going to do ?
he just needs another sox toy la .
you following moi ?
need to embrace, open society mah .
buay pai wor this deal .
which payment method you all use to pay ?
xbox controller lor .
really waste time .
1 million oredi crossed liao .
you may call him siao lang, but he provide many hidden info we dunno .
why you scold her ?
another super hot day .
everyday oso jin hot .
so we oso die ?
please la us $23 they oso dont have meh .
tomorrow still have ?
her makeup damn thick one .
pull up and down can ?
came in thinking got chio bu .
the mask got stucked so never drop .
but lucky dont count i think .
sinkie legal system cmi .
why kukujiao shrink oredi ?
she should &apos;ve taken it out on the husband too tiobo ?
heng ah, no demand for sinovac vaccines in the world, so it could be cheaper .
parents sure damn kek sim .
i thought 180 days expire liao ?
means we every year must jab  ?
tio tricked meh ?
it is a known fact leh .
secretlab is making big wave overseas but over here kena flak .
creative got support ar .
no need stay away one .
can win the caramel frappe meh ?
wa jialat now like cannot open app .
but must be alot alot .
got simi mexican burger coming ?
i saved the cheese sauce jiak with fries really nice sial!
you got time to play bo ?
weather so hot, sure got sweat one mah .
half day oso cannot tahan .
1 week i think the mask turn mouldy liao .
one week wash one time ah ?
all the rent money wasted sia .
dunno why got morons talking about learning to do house work and cooking by moving out .
from top to bottom all siao lang .
you oso bought it what .
they imagine nia .
how much you loogi ?
next time no more chinese new year in sinkieland liao .
tomorrow is hotcakes  1 for 1 ah ?
tiagong his lao bu is a teacher ?
ended up kena influenced by online rubbish .
simple as that .
sinkieland too comfortable for her liao .
expected a picture of chiobu wearing mask .
this one is indeed sibei ugly .
got the kukujiao bulge shape .
unfortunately, yesterday cai png stall not open!
got cute ghost ?
sinkie hotels not doing any better .
buy liao scare no enough time to clear sian .
3 weeks jail only ?
how come i dunno ?
you all tell me la!
can save ang pao money oso .
you worry about yourself better la  .
worry for what ?
now they jitao print 3 trillions in 3 months .
no chio bu in starbucks .
not fair to say people kumgong .
heng you all mentioned .
i have aftershock oso  .
all along they say take jab oredi can liao .
big is more comfy then small .
please dont say her until liddat .
watch oredi oso headache .
you go google see i got bluff you anot .
happy more important .
see liao damn dulan sia .
almost killed her leh .
he happy can oredi .
no wonder need to move out la .
but he got worry about you ?
everywhere long queue .
strike liao no need work forever .
got such thing as surge down ?
got pap to hold up usd .
ts you guilty anot sell people junk ?
how come last time people say macbook battery life 9 hours .
to him maybe treasure .
heng i sayang it .
you from nepal is it ?
then how to go starbucks like that . 
quite true oso .
mine is confirm l size .
got some predictions oso that in december will have a deadlier virus .
think river angpow bazaar and performance oso cancel ?
see oredi want to vomit
so they know a few boliao skills then laugh at people who dunno or are not so skilled in it .
really jin boliao in my pov .
ts posting boliao threads .
this ts damn boliao .
i tio blacklisted sian .
i a bit chua tio when i saw allen wu cos he about my height nia .
i sibei chua tio .
the dad is suay .
the famous kueh now no tourist can survive ?
he being the winner shows how kelong the award is .
i think salah dont care la .
they using last season &apos;s contribution for the award la .
give up la, ts .
is the neh neh getting bigger ?
the voice cannot make it lei .
looks jin saggy .
how many tissues she stuffed inside ?
it’s super slim and touchbar jin sexy .
carousell sibei a lot funny person .
but too bad sold liao .
what model you using ?
caurosell a lot of siao lang .
i dont entertain liao .
cant bai nian and cant go holiday .
tia gong end of this year gonna be phase 3 ?
heng ah, saved a lot on angpow money .
government ask you jab, just go jab!
i put in freezer many months .
my math is f one .
no need to explain much la .
think that &apos;s the best one in that location liao .
that one not bad right ?
how come no hotels here going bankrupt ah ?
how come over here we have yet to hear similar news ?
i read halfway dont want to read liao .
act blur carry on  .
or act blur dont mention him
i go there the guy act blur say dunno .
dont act blur like you first time know this hor .
just act blur only .
our gahment like to act blur .
if they buy from ahbeng shop it will be much cheaper .
ahbeng shops some are used one .
this ahbeng fat like a pig .
no ahbengs or siao lang .
i want to grow up like him be a chao ahbeng .
this one the ahbeng version .
last time he was scouted when he acted as ahbeng with joanne peh .
ahbeng shop cannot trust one .
me is sinkie ahbeng through & through .
i am not an ahbeng .
she has phd, but lesser wisdom than an ahbeng that roaming the streets .
they can knock out those sinkie yp ahbengs anytime they want .
chao ahbeng look .
her ex oso ahbeng type, she confirm attracted to this kind
kena piak by ahbeng boyfriend too ?
probably poked many times by yp ahbeng .
the guy look like typical ahbeng .
my bmt buddy is ah gua, cannot do pull up then hang there and cry .
not sure is girl, boy or ah gua .
no wonder moi saw one chao ah gua cross dress there .
alamak, i meant louis armstrong .
alamak, i become fat already . 
alamak, never read properly .
alamak, who asked him to call ?
alamak, say clearly la .
alamak, now all the videos cannot watch liao .
alamak, missed it .
alamak, sibei busy sia he .
alamak, the facebook post removed liao sia .
alamak, still havent wake up is it ?
alamak, i ate there before and use the toilet .
alamak wanna live bet too late .
alamaa that zhabor doesn &apos;t know what is shame sia .
alamak why she still hasn &apos;t got married ?
alamak why you no marry her last time ?
alamak next time don’t get married .
alamak another round of fraud ?
alamak i realise post wrong thread .
do you think people will be more forgiving if he is andy lau instead of looking like a face kena langga by lorry .
i see many social media comments solely attacking the chee ko peks .
doesn &apos;t change the fact he is chee ko pek .
there is no way all the chee ko pek will not be chee ko anymore .
chee ko peks how ?
looks like chee ko pek .
everytime i see him i only think of chee ko pek .
dont tell me that there are no chee ko pek in the same area .
reminded me of some chee ko pek here .
so many chee ko peks .
i guess the next video will be the number of ladies that he chee ko pek .
lucky i dont have friends that are chee ko pek and hum sup lo . 
chee ko pek go ktv no check in one .
she gave the chee ko peks of sinkieland a booster shot .
she may just be doing an honest living and infected by the chee ko pek around her .
this angmo so fat confirm got health issues .
maybe just to differentiate japanese green tea from angmo teh .
there are other angmos who criticised china, should we take those as truth as well ?
asians not so crazy about heights like angmos .
they dont believe in these cos they are angmo right ?
how come angmo countries no chinese ghost ?
he claimed he hooked up with many angmo bu before leh .
and its like why angmo still celebrate halloween .
angmo come sinkieland automatically become cool liao .
my sister angmo boyfriend is nerdy angmo type .
so these angmo go back oso no need quarantine ah .
you have angmo friend too  ?
looks like a angmo .
this kind of baotoh kia must be condemned .
this thread alot big talk but until now baotoh kia still not revealed .
baotoh kia in this thread trying hard to shift the discussion away from finding out who he is .
faster go baotoh dont wait liao!
purposely baotoh him to police .
must be tio baotoh by people she know .
maybe her niece baotoh her ?
dunno who baotoh him siol .
guailan and baotoh kia .
time to baotoh to mom .
i would oso baotoh lor .
afterwards you kena baotoh .
baotoh whole lot of them give them die,
on one hand, ask neighbours to baotoh .
she promise wont baotoh .
baotoh kia is needed in this case
vendor buay song go baotoh him .
dont baotoh me leh, that &apos;s what i do .
many baotoh kia here .
you really type in chim engrish .
why use such chim words when he himself oso dont seem confident in saying it .
too chim for moi .
dunnid to use chim words to flex .
this thread too intellectual chim for moi .
chim can explain ?
dunno why they always like to use chim words that they dunno the meaning of .
a lot of people read stuff on the net then anyhow throw some chim word when talking cock .
all the chim words and word twisting .
wa can you use more chim words so i can learn .
sorry your engrish is jin chim .
this one very chim to me leh .
india law too chim for us liao .
why must use chim words ?
make until too chim .
this one very chim .
will you use chim words in arguments ?
my buddy chaokeng all the way .
fch i think fetch chao chao 6k .
they will buy chicken and keep until chao sng .
buy fish and keep until chao sng .
she ky but face chao lao .
you kena an interviewer who chaokeng ns, of cos he wont give a damn even if you put you lieutenant colonel in ns before .
now chao chao 5k .
ya lor now pass degree in comp science oso chao chao 5k .
hoot 1 toto chao chao 1k liao . 
she look chao lao .
why nowadays the girls so chao lao one ?
but tiagong his parents quite bo chup type .
some dads really bo chup one .
end up i just bo chup dont pick up any calls till i was back in office .
sinkie bo chup one .
but looks like they bo chup oredi .
but he oso bo chup the safety of the population .
bo chup about health and calorie intake, seldom exercise .
other matters bo chup .
but he totally bo chup .
so many simply bo chup now .
but the majority just follow the book and bo chup .
so, naturally students oso bo chup them .
but today see the review the staff there like cmi and doctor sibei bo chup .
if most bo chup her, then who is harassing her ?
you see the car infront of you slow down you still bo chup .
i mean some parents can bo chup right ?
please dont call people bodoh .
test dna if unsure la bodoh .
cut down on the jap av la bodoh .
google la bodoh .
really want to marry her bodoh .   
your father stupid bodoh .
so not all are bodoh .
you bodoh, or what ?
bodoh sial this guy .
she bodoh or what ?
how to pretend bodoh ?
if sinkieland goes down we all go down bodoh .
this is not a court, you bodoh .
simplify for a stupid bodoh like me  .
only bodoh will believe .
client ask something only he scold client bodoh ?
you bodoh or what .
i would act bodoh and say not my business .
you so old liao still act bodoh, you buay paiseh meh .
bodoh or stopped thinking .
and you say people bodoh ?
bodoh to the max .
dont be bodoh la .
bodoh find out law la!
shiok sia bodoh .
im not malayian u bodoh .
im sure gahment not so bodoh until believe test figures .
if you have exit permit approved you &apos;re exempt from reservist you bodoh .
can ferry passengers in 2nd cabin and lots of space for barang barang behind .
can store a lot barang barangs .
after the grace period, all these barang barang are loaded up and thrown away .
siao bo dont even have wall outlet, no place to put barang barang .
inside many barang barang .
i look at my mom kitchen which is full of barang barang i oso shake head .
unless every time before you start the robot you need to clear all your barang barang first .
moi everytime take out my barang barang oso will see those stupid keys and reminds me of work . 
bring all your barang barang .
they always chope one special corner at food court put their barang barang and talk cock one .
everything , all your barang barang .
this includes bringing up to 2 weeks of barang barang for each stay .
can put all my barang barang inside .
so i bring my barang barang and go down .
knn moi cant put my barang barang such as my teddy bear .
but where is his barang barang ?
that guy is jin boh liao .
jin boh liao sia .
is boh liao one .
nice one boh liao ?
yes very boh liao, every year has to do once .
pfizer one like boh liao .
only boh liao people will want to edit .
this is really boh liao .
moi boh liao go calculate maybe no masturbrate a few days can save 100 billion sperms .
these people really boh liao .
you type like this sure got boh liao people report you one .
uncle why you open such boh liao thread .
so far im the one asking these boh liao questions .
how you guys find such boh liao things .
eat, sleep, work, pcc, games, laugh at boh liao threads .
sinkies damn boh liao .
catch no ball what you talk .
catch no ball of what you are writing .
you catch no balls da sarcasm meh ?
i really catch no ball .
moi catch no balls leh!
they sure catch no balls with applications .
i see the explanation oso catch no ball .
totally catch no ball .
i tried starting on series 3 of oregairu, but first few minutes totally catch no ball .
her england i catch no ball .
i think they catch no ball what you are saying .
read your title a few times but catch no ball .
catch no ball what you’re trying to say .
that &apos;s why i catch no ball .
catch no ball, no where got mention the cup size .
limpeh oso catch no ball .
her engrish really catch no ball, i think secondary school can write better .
i catch no ball for last part of the sentence .
some women just catch no ball when they watch superhero or sci fi movies .
must write in their native language, or they catch no ball .
5 minutes into the book and i catch no ball .
probably typo or some special meaning that we catch no ball .
hokkien too chim i catch no ball .
his workmanship buay pai .
i stayed one night then buay tahan go report sick .
the secondary storyline oso buay pai .
getting traineeship is like telling your future employer you buay gan cannot find full time job . 
she buay sian meh ?
really buay gan .
you is buay gan .
the rest are all buay zhun .
wa if really can is buay pai wor .
i suggest you dump her first before she dump you, at least you buay paiseh .
buay tahan his accent .
always use same excuse buay sian meh .
so dont push the blame to the parents when the teachers buay gan .
waste time but sibei song .
overall buay pai .
sinkie cigarette buay tahan .
use condom jin buay song piak 1 hour still no shoot .
really buay tahan .
heavy and buay move one  .
mai an ni kuan, very paiseh if buay zhun . 
not sure, cos the app buay zhun one .
he see the son so buay gan .
the not so intelligent ones, really buay tahan with me .
i didn’t say buay zhun .
no wonder he buay song with joss as director, his scenes are greatly ruined by him .
most of the time i buay song is people with no compassion .
tio liao buay ?
some cheena uni ?
but why his cheena oso so cui .
nothing wrong with non-chinese going to hwa chong or other cheena schools .
my tekong army batch has a very fit cheena born sinkie guy, pes a status but saf still put him do admin, let him book out daily .
you can work for bbc or some cheena tv liao .
where is the chio bu ?
see the side view oredi know not chio bu .
i miss sim chio bus .
so many female olympians are chio bus  .
walking with him got 3 chio bu .
the more money you have, the more chio bus surround you .
she blossomed into a chio bu .
people thinking if really chio bu anot .
chio bu just beo la .
sell insurance if you not chio bu, no background, no network .
chio bu is never wrong one .
yes moi sappork chio bus .
i got this chio bu boss before  .
we saw a chio bu smoking .
why you so kanchiong ?
when it’s down you chiong, when it’s up you wait .
no picture cos i just chiong the food .
lucky i dont really chiong games .
you dont have the body and energy to chiong and have fun anymore .
i like to chiong home after lecture study at home  .
chionging to malaysia now!
got freebie, mandate everyone must use, straight away chiong down to take .
you dont first one chiong when reopen can liao .
this guy trying damn hard .
most of my ns mates all became damn fat .